An apology for Rushworth's dialogues wherein the exceptions for the Lords Falkland and Digby and the arts of their commended Daillé discover'd
Rivers 1630. A new almanacke for the yeare since the nativitie of our Saviour MDCXXX, [being the third after leap-yeare.] Calculated for the famous vniversitie and towne of Cambridge; and may generally serve for the whole isle of Great Britain
The life and death of VVilliam Lawd, late Archbishop of Canterburie: beheaded on Tower-Hill, Friday the 10. of January. 1644. I. Here is a brief narration of his doings all his life long faithfully given-out, first, that his sayings at his death may not
Jerusalem and Babel, or, The image of both churches being a treatise historically discussing, whether Catholikes or Protestants be the better subjects
Bibliotheca instructissima: or, A catalogue of Greek, Latin and English books in all faculties: which will be sold by auction on Thursday, the 13th of December, 1694. at Rolls's Auction house, in Petty-Canons-Hall, near the North side of St. Pauls
Pinnacles of India's Past Selections from the R?gveda
CBS 8 KCCI–Des Moines, IA
Centralization by construction and interpretation of the Constitution : an address delivered in the Assembly Chamber, Capitol, Albany, N.Y., before the New York State Bar Association, at its thirtieth annual meeting, January 15th, 1907, and reprinted from the thirtieth annual report of the proceedings of the Association
Katie Couric Special
An account of the persecutions and oppressions of the Protestants in France Plaintes des Protestans cruellement opprimez dans le royaume de France. Edit de Nantes
Systems-Centered Practice Selected Papers on Group Psychotherapy
Jacksonville Fox 30 WAWS–FL
A Song to His Excellency the Ld. General Monck at Skinners-Hall on Wednesday Aprill 4, 1660 at which time he was entertained by that honourable company : to the tune of I'll never leave thee more
Loveday's letters domestick and forrein. To several persons, occasionally distributed in subjects philosophicall, historicall &amp; morall,
Montana Administrative Code–2005
W.R. Bion Between Past and Future
Fox: Hannity and Colmes
The privileges and immunities of state citizenship
A handbook for more efficient conveyancing
Winnicott Studies
A word in due season, or, Some harvest meditations with a warning from the Lord God to all people in England, to leave off their wicked and foolish customs in their harvest, before the anger of the Lord be kindled against them, and there be no remedy
Work with Parents Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy with Children and Adolescents
Fox: On the Record
Dear sir, at the last meeting of the Male Parochial and Missionary Association of Grace Church ... Phineas Capen, Secretary. May 20, 1837.
Louisiana Court of Appeal Criminal Briefs
Maine Administrative Code–2005
HPTS Legislation to Watch–Health Care Providers and Facilities
The new federalism : annual address, delivered at the Thirteenth Annual Meeting, Bedford Springs, Pennsylvania, June 25, 1907
DRI: HIPAA Best Practices for Defense Lawyers
The Search for Peace in Vietnam, 1964-1968
Amusement for the million! ... Strangers visiting Boston should by no means omit examining the vast magazine of wonders ...
Group Relations Conferences Reviewing and Exploring Theory, Design, Role-Taking and Application
Fox 25 WFXT–Boston, MA (Manchester, NH)
CBS 8 WISH–Indianapolis, IN
Green Bay NBC 26 WGBA–WI
HPTS Snapshots: Medicaid
CQ BillAnalysis
NBC 18 WLEX–Lexington, KY
ESPN SportsCenter
HPTS Snapshots: Mental Illness and Addiction
A song on the Blues leaving York. Written by a lady in 1767.
Fort Smith NBC 24 KPOM–AR
Bion's Legacy to Groups
Tupelo/Columbus 27 WLOV–MS
Memphis Fox 13 WHBQ–TN
Challenges to Practice
CHUM Limited CKVU TV–Vancouver
Directions to know the true church. Written by George Carleton, Doctor of Diuinitie
The Clothiers reasons for establishing the Company of Merchant Adventurers of England
U.S. District Court, D. Connecticut Criminal Trial Filings
Boston Theatre. : Second night of the Italian opera on which occasion, will be given the only representation during the season, of I Puritani the Puritan fathers. Wednesday evening, October 22d, 1856, I Puritani ...
China International Economic Trade and Arbitration Commission–Rules
The Emotional Experience of Learning and Teaching
HPTS Snapshots: Health Insurance Oversight
Kentucky Statutes 2005–Annotated
The drummer: or, the haunted house : a comedy, by Joseph Addison Esq. Adapted for theatrical representation, as performed at the Theatres-Royal, Drury-Lane and Covent-Garden. Regulated from the prompt-books, by permission of the managers. ...
Tense-Aspect Between semantics &amp; pragmatics
Act of Privy Council, discharging any leavies or recruits for the service of the States-General of the United Provinces. Edinburgh, the nineteenth day of January, 1688
Voxant Entertainment Transcripts
U.S. District Court, W.D. Louisiana Criminal Trial Filings
Handbook of Terminology Management Volume 1: Basic Aspects of Terminology Management
A dissuasive from the sin of drunkenness : By Josiah Woodward ...
Boston Theatre. : Italian opera in compliance with universal desire, the director of the Italian Opera Company has the honor to announce that he has concluded to defer the representations contemplated in New York ... Benefit Max Maretzek ... On Monday evening, February 18, 1856, will be performed, for the only time in Boston by the artists composing this troupe, Donizetti's favorite opera of Lucia di Lammermoor ...
Seattle 7 KIRO–WA
Legal Week Global
CNN Live Today 10AM
CQ Capital Transcripts
Horace, Book IV. Ode V. Imitated.
Interesting tales. Selected and translated from the German.
Olde Folkes Concerte ... Ye greate halle called Mechanics ... ye 24th daye of ye April. [1874] ...
Britannia's intercession for the deliverance of John Wilkes, Esq. from persecution and banishment : To which is added a political and constitutional sermon: and a dedication to L*** B***.
Practice in the executive departments of the government under the pension, bounty, and prize laws of the United States : with forms and instructions for collecting arrears of pay, bounty, and prize money, and for obtaining pensions
Office of Wells, Richardson &amp; Co. wholesale druggists, College Street. Burlington, Vt. [June 17] 187[8 Messrs. Cushing &amp; Abbot] ...
The economic interpretation of history : lectures delivered in Worcester College Hall, Oxford, 1887-8
Death: a poetical essay : By Beilby Porteus ...
Select cases and other authorities on the law of conveyances and related subjects
Poems and essays : by the late Miss Bowdler.
Dixie doodle! : Words and music by Wm. H. Stevens, and can be had from Horace Waters, 481, Broadway.
The distribution, a poem ; to which is added, An ode to diligence. By Geo. Hay, student.
The mock doctor : or, the dumb lady cur'd. A comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane. By his Majesty's servants. Done from Moliere. With songs in each act.
The injured Iphigenia ; a true history : In which the nature of libellous paragraphs, calculated to disturb the peace of families, is set in a proper light ; and the necessity of preventing them by an express law, is candidly enquired into, and impartially considered. In a letter to a friend in S-
Odes : by Richard Cumberland, Esq.
Hymns of petition and thanksgiving for the promise of the Father.
To the Hon. James Barbour, secretary of war. Zanesville, Ohio, December, 1825. : Sir, The undersigned, a committee appointed by the citizens of Zanesville in the state of Ohio, to exhibit a description and valuation of the property in the site contemplated by the commissioners for establishing a national armory on the western waters ... beg leave now to make an additional exhibit ...
Registration handbook : being a practical arrangement of the Land Transfer Acts of 1875 &amp; 1897, and the rules, forms, fees, and orders thereunder ...
Elphinstone's introduction to conveyancing : with an appendix dealing with registered land.
The preservation of open spaces, and of footpaths and other rights of way : a practical treatise on the law of the subject
A digest of the laws of the corporation of the city of Washington, to the first of June, 1823 : with an appendix, containing the acts of cession from Maryland &amp; Virginia, the laws of the United States, relating to the District of Columbia, the building r
The attorney's vade mecum, and client's instructor treating of actions : (such as are now most in use ; ) of prosecuting and defending them : of the pleadings and law : also of hue and cry : tne subjects arranged in a clear and perspicuous manner
Impartial reflections upon Dr. Burnet's posthumous History : By Philalethes.
Britons, and fellow-countrymen, at the time when the busy spirits of faction are disseminating the principles of rebellion ...
The speech of M. Moreau de St. Merry. : Spoken in the Assembly of the Electors of Paris, July 29, 1789.
Statutory torts in Massachusetts
Amphitrion. Comédie. Par Monsieur de Moliere. = Amphitryon. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
Lines to the memory of Benjamin Vaughan, LL. D., who recently died in Hallowell, Maine.
Exhibition of Lawrence Academy, at Liberty Hall, November 18, 1846, at 6 1-2 o'clock.
An answer to Captain Dampier's Vindication of his voyage to the South-Seas, in the ship St. George : ... By John Welbe ...
A treatise upon the estate and rights of the corporation of the city of New York, as proprietors
Notice. : the legal voters of the city of Cambridge are hereby notified to assemble in their respective ward rooms, on Friday, the first day of May next ... to give in their votes for one alderman for said city, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the resignation of James G. Hovey. ... Also, to give in their votes upon the several amendments of the consitiution submitted by the General Court to the people for ratification and adoption. ... Also, to give in their votes "yes" or "no," upon the question, "Will the city accept the act of the general court, approved by the governor, April 22, 1857, entitled 'An act in further addition to an Act to establish the city of Cambridge'?" Also, to give in their votes ... upon the question, "Will the city of Cambridge avail itself of the provisions of an act of the General Court, approved by the Governor, May 21, 1855, entitled 'An act to incorporate towns and cities into mutual fire insurance companies at their election'?" ...
Conservative essays, legal and political
The contract of affreightment as expressed in charterparties and bills of lading
Memorials
Sganarelle : ou le cocu imaginaire, comédie. Par Monsieur Moliere. = The cuckold in conceit. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
Publishing house of The Mail, Toronto, Canada. ... It takes over 44 miles of white paper, three feet wide, on which to print each edition of The Weekly Mail. It takes over 102 miles of white paper, three feet wide, each week, on which to print The Daily Mail. ...
L'école des maris. Comédie. Par Monsieur de Moliere. = The school for husbands. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
The growth of the Constitution in the Federal Convention of 1787 : an effort to trace the origin and development of each separate clause from its first suggestion in that body to the form finally approved : containing also a fac-simile of a heretofore unpublished manuscript of the first draft of the instrument made for use in the committee of detail
Alcohol and the state : a discussion of the problem of law as applied to the liquor traffic
The lost sheep, piece of silver, and prodigal son. : Being the substance of a discourse delivered in the county of Antrim in Ireland. In the year 1750. By John Cennick.
The history of persecution : from the patriarchial age to the reign of George II
The life, letters, and speeches of Lord Plunket
Dividing the Isthmus : Central American Transnational Histories, Literatures, and Cultures
Moerlein's national export. ... The Christian Moerlein Brewing Co. First Premiums-1881, 1882, and 1883.
Selected Poems of Luis de Góngora A Bilingual Edition
Robin's panegyrick, or, the Norfolk missellany [sic]. Containing several scarce and curious pieces.
To the tax payers. : Treasurer's Office, city of Worcester, Aug. 21st, 1854. The tax bills will be ready for settlement on Friday, September 1st. ...
Remove the string without breaking either card or string ... Chase &amp; Sanborn Boston. ...
Memorial for Charles Anderson of Canducraig, defender, against Mr Thomas Mitchell minister of the gospel at Tarvis, pursuer.
The Oxford handbook of empirical legal research
Boys keep away from the girls.
Music Hall : Worcester. ... April 25th, 1873. ...
Washburn Hall ... Worcester. Thirteenth season. ... Feb. 18th, 1862. ...
Semiramis a tragedy. Translated from the French of M. De Voltaire.
Vanella in the straw. : a poem, inscrib'd to a certain lady in St. James's-Street, lately deliver'd of a fine boy.
The public defender : a necessary factor in the administration of justice
Imperial bill for legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister : speech of the Prince of Wales in the House of Lords, May 6th, 1879.
Member of Congress for the 10th District. To the public. : After Mr. Stearns had been nominated as an independent candidate for Congress ... the accompanying papers were prepared ... being the only practicable mode in which Mr. Stearns' sentiments could be made known ... The subsequent nomination of Mr. Morris by the American Party ... rendered it expedient and proper for Mr. Stearns to withdraw from the contest, which he has done ...
A treatise on the police of the metropolis : containing a detail of the various crimes and misdemeanors by which public and private property and security are, at present, injured and endangered: and suggesting remedies for their prevention. The fourth edition, revised and enlarged. By a magistrate ...
The notaries' and commissioners' manual : containing full instructions as to their appointment, powers, rights, and duties, under federal and New York laws : together with the necessary forms, fees allowed, etc., also practical suggestions and references.
Remarks on Mr. Martin's publication, entitled "Thoughts on the duty of man, relative to faith in Jesus Christ." In five letters to a friend. ... By Andrew Fuller.
A guide to Federal laws prohibiting sex discrimination.
Heaven and earth, sea and dry land, hear the word of the Lord, sounded through an earthen vessel, who hath seen, heard, felt as he doth declare [by] John Suinton
The authour
[Example of title page ornamentation from undetermined work]
Sylvia's revenge, or, A satyr against man; in answer to the Satyr against woman. Printed by authority. Satyr against woman
[Printer's ornament with motto based on Song of Solomon 8:6-7, "Her lamps of love are coles of fire and a verye vehement flame of the Lorde" ]
In mortem serenissimae Reginae Elizabethae. Naenia consolans
William the Third, by the grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Defender of the faith, &amp;c.; To all and singular archbishops, bishops, archdeacons, deans, ... and to all other our officers, ministers and subjects whatsoever they be
A prospect of His Maiestie's forces as they ly encamped (at least three miles in length) on Honslow-Heath in ye. county of Midlesex. in ye. year 1685. Camp royall
Quakerism withering and Christianity reviving, or, A brief reply to the Quakers pretended vindication in answer to a printed sheet deliver'd to the Parliament wherein their errors, both in fundamentals and circumstantials are further detected, and G
Gerards meditations, written originally in the Latine tongue by John Gerard Doctour in Divinitie, and superintendent of Heidelberg. Translated and revised by Ralph Winterton fellow of Kings Colledge in Cambridge Meditationes sacrae. Exercitium pietatis
By the King. A proclamation for the free exportation of woollen manufactures of this kingdom, from the twentieth day of May, until the five and twentieth day of December next
Manipulus linguae sanctae &amp; eruditorum inquo, quasi, manipulatim, congregantur sequentia : I. Index generalis difficiliorum vocum hebraeo-biblicanum ... II. Succinctum &amp; planum compendium accentuationis ... hebraeo-bibli-cae ... III. Grammatica
A sermon preached on the 30th. of January, 1683/4. Being an anniversary for the martyrdom of King Charles the First
The countrey farrier. Teaching divers and sundry approved medicines, to cure all sorts of cattle : as horse, kine, sheepe, hogs, and dogs. With directions how to find, or know, what the disease or infirmity is. Contrived into a little volume, for avoidin
[A standing trumpeter with a flag hanging from his trumpet]
Clarior e tenebris, or, A justification of two books, the one printed 1680, under the title of The Grand inquest, the other in April 1682, under the title of The royal favourite cleared with several other reasons in vindication of His Royal Highness
... uem lanius co[n]versus fugienté os aspiciens: inquit ...
The true proceedings of the sessions, begun at the Old-Bayly, on Wednesday the 18th. of April, 1683 Giving an account of the several tryals (viz.) for high treason, murders, felonies, &amp;c.; with the condemnation of those convicted. Printed by authority
The boke of measurying of lande as well of woodland as plowland, &amp; pasture in the feelde: &amp; to compt the true nombre of acres of the same. Newly corrected, &amp; compiled by Sir Richarde de Benese. This boke sheweth the maner of measurynge of all maner of
King Charls his case: or, An appeal to all rational men, concerning his tryal at the High Court of Iustice. Being for the most part that which was intended to have been delivered at the bar, if the King had pleaded to the charge, and put himself upon a f
An apologie for the royal party written in a letter to a person of the late Councel of State. By a lover of peace and of his country. With a touch at the pretended plea for the army
The hvmble desires and propositions of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled tendered to His Majesty 1. February, 1642 : with His Maiesties gratious answer thereunto
An Exact and perfect relation of the proceedings of the army under the command of Sir Thomas Fairfax, from the sixth of this instant July to the eleventh of the same wherein is expressed the particulars of the victory obtained by the Parliaments forces
[Portrait of a man facing to the left with the initials R.G. (Richard Grafton?) above the graft and tun rebus of Richard Grafton]
Giulebbo, o estratto gemmato. Della spezieria de' Padri di Santo Spirito di Fiorenza
Roma ruens. Dagon falling before the Arke, or, The glory of Christ over-shadowing all other glories
A plaister for a galled horse Loke what here in shalbe redde wynse at nothyng, excepte ye be gylty for of vsurped power we be not a dradde, but God to be knowen, before preceptes fylthy we speake not agaynst Godes holy mystery but agaynst such, as loue
His Maiesties message to both Houses of Parliament; brought from the Isle of Wight upon Mouday [sic] the fourteenth of August 1648. By the right honourable, the Earle of Middlesex, Sir John Hipsley, and Master Bunckley concerning the personall treaty
The nevv vvorld of vvords. Or a general English dictionary Containing the proper significations, and etymologies of all words derived from other languages, viz. Hebrew, Arabick, Syriack, Greek, Latin, Italian, French, Spanish, Brittish, Dutch, Saxon
A sermon preach'd to the Society, for reformation of manners at Kingstone upon Thames, on July 17th 1700. Publish'd at the request of the Society. By Daniel Mayo, M.A. minister of the gospel in that town
Practical observations on the more obstinate and inveterate venereal complaints : By J. Swedia'r, M.D.
Iohn King liveing att the sign of the Globe in the Poultry, sells all sorts of prints and maps ...
An exact historie of the late revolutions in Naples, and of their monstrous successes, not to be parallel'd by any antient or modern history published by the Lord Alexander Giraffi in Italian ; and ... rendred into English, by J.H. Revolutioni di
A compleat catalogue of all the books lately printed concerning the coin. Note, the letter A shews those who have wrote for the raising the coin; the letter B the contrary: The * those that have performed extraordinary
Novum lumen medicum wherein the excellent and most necessary doctrine of the highly-gifted philosopher Helmont concerning the great mystery of the pholosophers sulphur. is fundamentally cleared by Joachim Poleman. Out of a faithful and good intent to
The school of manners, or Rules for childrens behaviour
An Essay of a new version of the Psalms of David consisting of the first twenty : fitted to the tunes used in churches
Llyfer plyagin [sic] ar catechisme ... Llyfer plygain ar catechisme
A satyr against marriage Satire against marriage
The speech of the Right Honourable Sir John Moore, Kt., Lord Mayor Elect, at Guild-Hall, Sept. 29, 1681
The fickle northern lass: or, The wronged shepherds resolution. He thought himself the jolliest of the crew, whilst that his love remained firm and true; but the false maid did prove to him disloyal, and was not constant to abide the tryal: which made
Breuiariu[m] secundu[m] vsum herford Breviary
[Imprint of John Day and William Seres]
The great venture shewing that man's life in this world is a venture, wherein he runs the hazard of an everlasting estate of happiness or misery in another world, according as he behaves himself here : also advice to youth, with several other things
Officium Eucharisticum a preparatory service to a devout and worthy reception of the Lords Supper ; to which is added, a meditation for every day in the week
A famous victory obtained, by Sir William Brewerton. Sir Thomas Fairfax. Sir William Fairfax. In a pitcht battle against the Lord Byron, (chief commander of the kings forces) at the raising of the siedge of Namptwitch. Together, with a list of all the
The historie of this iron age wherein is set down the true state of Europe, as it was in the year 1500 : also, the original, and causes of all the warres, and commotions, that have happened : together with a description of the most memorable battels
[Two illustrations from an unidentified work] [the first illustration depicts two women holding the head of a man and a sword outside a group of tents : the second illustration, captioned "Hiervsale[m]", depicts a man kneeling outside the walls of the ci
[Device of a pelican, on its nest, feeding its young beneath a star, with motto, "His qui diligunt"]
The charity of church-men: or, A vindication of Mr William Walwyn merchant, from the aspersions plentifully cast upon him in a pamphlet, intituled, Walwyn's wiles. By H.B. Med. a friend to truth, his county and Mr Walwyn
The sanctuarie of a troubled soule. by Sr. John Hayward ...
Annual International Conference on Ada
ACM/SIGPLAN Workshop Partial Evaluation and Semantics-Based Program Manipulation
The. xv. bookes of P. Ouidius Naso, entytuled Metamorphosis, translated oute of Latin into English meeter, by Arthur Golding Gentleman, a worke very pleasaunt and delectable. 1575 Metamorphoses
An exact accompt of the daily votes and resolves in both houses of Parliament. With those of the three nations, England, Scotland, and Ireland
A second beacon fired. Humbly presented to the Lord Protector and the Parliament by the publishers of the first. With their humble petition, that they would do what may be expected from Christian magistrates, in suppressing blasphemous books
[A dog at a three tiered fountain, and the letters "I" and "R"]
I. Lipsij Roma illustrata
Articles and ordinances of war, by the Committee of Estates, and his Excellence, the Lord Generall of the Army
The Office of The Holy week according to the missall and Roman breviary translated out of French with a new and ample explication taken out of the Holy Fathers, of the mysteries, ceremonies, Gospels, lessons, psalms, and of all that belongs to this
The Mariner's delight, or, The seaman's seaven wives. Being a pleasant new song; shewing how a seaman call'd Anthony courted a young maid whose name is Susan, in London ... To the tune of, Hail to the mirtle shades. Seaman's seaven wives
Sapientia clamitans, wisdome crying out to sinners to returne from their evill wayes: contained in three pious and learned treatises, viz. I. Of Christs fervent love to bloudy Ierusalem. II. Of Gods just hardning of Pharaoh ... III. Of mans timely
International Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces
Nicholas (Cardinal) Wiseman
[Heraldic device in oval frame topped by a griffin's head emerging from a crowned castle, with the motto "Auspicante Deo"]
A true narrative of the horrid hellish popish-plot To the tune of Packington's Pound, the first part. A true narrative of the horrid hellish popish-plot
Apples of gold for young men and vvomen, and a crown of glory for old men and women. Or, The happiness of being good betimes, and the honour of being an old disciple Clearly and fully discovered, and closely, and faithfully applyed. Also the young mans
Protestation du serenissime et tres-haut prince et seigneur Charles Louys, Comite Palatin du Rhin, Archidapiferi, &amp; Prince Electeur du S. Empire, Duc de Bavariae, &amp;c.; traduit de l'Allemand de mot à mot
Obedience and submission A sermon preached at St. Sauiours-Church in South-warke, at a visitation, on Tuesday, the eigth [sic] day of December: anno Dom. 1635. By Iohn Fealtly
Symposium on Interactive 3D Graphics
Marke beynge the disciple &amp; interpreter of Peter ...
The Puritan convert, not to prelatick Protestantism, and yet to prelatick Protestantism, nor to popery, and yet to popery, but absolutely ... to apostolical Christianity ..., or, A discourse by way of a letter shewing, that prelatick Protestants
Truth and innocency defended being a sober reply to some excesses in a treatise written by John Norris, concerning the divine light, wherein his personal reflections and misrepresentations of the Quakers about their principle of the light are further
Upon the meeting of the sons of the clergy at a sermon preached before them in Saint Pauls church the eighth of November, 1655 specifying their several capacities, as they stood in the time of the law, and now under the gospel
A proper new booke of cookery Declaryng what manner of meates is best in season, for all tymes in the yeare, [and] how they ought to be dressed and serued at the table both for flesh daies and fyshe dayes, with a new addition, very necessary for all
[Diagram naming the parts of a cannon barrel]
Pindarus in aedibus Justinianis
A booke of Christian prayers collected out of the ancient writers, and best learned in our time, worthy to be read with an earnest mind of all Christians, in these dangerous and troublesome daies, that God for Christes sake will yet still be mercifull
International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis
The equity of the Solemne League and Covenant iustified, against an infectious and libellous pamphlet: intituled, The iniquity of the late Solemne League and Covenant discovered. As it was lately sent from Oxford: and intercepted by the way to London
A poem on His Majesties return to White-Hall
Ars sciendi sive logica nova methodo disposita, et novis praeceptis aucta
By the King. A proclamation forbidding all His Majesties subjects belonging to the trained bands, or Militia of this kingdom, to rise, march, muster, or exercise, by vertue of any order or ordinance of one, or both houses of Parliament, without consent
The lavvfvlnes and vnlavvfvlnes of an oath or covenant set downe in short propositions agreeable to the law of God and man and may serve to rectifie the conscience of any reasonable man : very fitting for every man to take into serious consideration in
The practical Sabbatarian, or, Sabbath-holiness crowned with superlative happiness by John Wells
The humble petition of the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common councell assembled With an humble representation of the pressing grievances and important desires of the well-affected freemen, and covenant-engaged citizens
The Vniversity of Oxfords plea refuted, or, A full answer to a late printed paper, intituled, The priviledges of the University of Oxford in point of visitation together with the univ. answer to the summons of the visitors. Manifesting the vanity and fals
Directorium cosmeticum, or, A Directory for the female-sex being a father's advice to his daughter : wherein all young ones (especially those of that sex) are directed how they may obtain the greatest beauty and adorn themselves with a holy conversation
International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis
Clinician's manual on myelodysplastic syndromes
The true state and condition of the kingdom of Ireland, sent to the House of Commons from their committee there; whose names are signed thereto, viz. Robert Reynolds, Robert Goodwyn, both members of the said House. Also the true relation of the great
[Oval device of a pelican in her piety with the mottos "Pro lege rege, et grege" and "Love keepeth the lawe, obayeth the kinge and is good to the common wealth"]
England's merry jester: or, Court, city and country jests new, and suitable to the humours of the times; witty and familiar, for the encrease of merriment, and improvement of friendly conversation, as they are used among the wits of the age. To which
Joanes 1627 a new almanacke made for this present yeare of our Lord God 1627 and from the creation 5589, being the third yeare after the leape-yeare
Operating Systems Design and Implementation
[Richard Grafton's device with motto, "Suscipite insitum verbum &amp;c.; Iaco. I."]
Virginia impartially examined, and left to publick view, to be considered by all iudicious and honest men. Under which title, is comprehended the degrees from 34 to 39, wherein lyes the rich and healthfull countries of Roanock, the now plantations of Vir
Woodhouse, 1693 A new almanack for the year of our Lord, 1693. Being the [first] from bissextile, or leap-year, and from the worlds creation, 5642. [Wher]ein is contained a brief description of the four quarters of the year. [Exce]llent notes of
Leadership And Management In The Early Years From Principles To Practice
Soft Power Superpowers Cultural and National Assets of Japan and the United States
Journalism Ethics by Court Decree : The Supreme Court on the Proper Practice of Journalism
The Practice of American Public Policymaking
The British Press
Grammar from the human perspective : case, space and person in Finnish
Sound patterns in interaction : cross-linguistic studies from conversation : Typological studies in language,
ETRA: Eye Tracking Research &amp; Application
Russian Views on Countering Terrorism During Eight Years of Dialogue: Extracts from Proceedings of Four Workshops
Science and Technology and the Future Development of Societies International Workshop Proceedings
Symposium on Compiler Construction
Traditions of War Occupation, Resistance and the Law
Isaac Newton Lives and Legacies
Graduating exercises. Blackstone High School, at Congregational Church, on Thursday evening, June 27h, 1872.
The architecture of reason the structure and substance of rationality
Venture Capital Funding A Practical Guide to Raising Finance
Creative Compounding in English : The Semantics of Metaphorical and Metonymical Noun-Noun Combinations
SIGFORTH
Rennyo and the Roots of Modern Japanese Buddhism
Locating Medical History The Stories and Their Meanings
Biographical Dictionary of Chinese Women Antiquity Through Sui, 1600 B.C.E.--618 C.E.
Oxford Studies in Ancient Philosophy
The Lives of Agnes Smedley
Churchill The Unexpected Hero
Reward of merit. This certifies, that [Horatio Bliss] for diligence and attention to studies, and good conduct in school, merits my approbation and esteem. [AM Wade] instructor. ...
The home of the bees. This fine floral picture, by Prof. Wm. Hammer ... the above paintings on exhibition at Child &amp; Jenks' Gallery of Art, 127 Tremont Street, Boston.
Anger Management Games for Children
Conscience : a poetical essay. By William Gibson ...
Information Technology Outsourcing
The King's Council in the North
Principles of the law of contracts
The life and real adventures of Hamilton Murray. Written by himself. In three volumes.
The law of carriers of goods
A collection of twenty eight psalm tunes in four parts : by several authors printed to the new version of psalms for the use of the churches and chapels in and near Birmingham.
A short address to the yeomanry of England : and others. By John Somerville, Esq. Member Of The Board Of Agriculture.
A seasonable advice to all lovers of their country.
The platonic marriage: a novel : in a series of letters. By Mrs. Cartwright. ...
The case of Glocester Hall, in Oxford, rectifying the false stating thereof by Doctor Woodroffe.
An essay on architecture.
O'Connor's letters to Earl Camden : As published in the Courier of Monday, January 29.
Unconstitutional principles of the oaths bill : explained in the speeches of Sir Frederick Thesiger ... [et al.], during the debate, previous to the rejection of the bill by the House of Commons, on the 25th May, 1854.
An essay upon the civil wars of France : extracted from curious manuscripts. And also upon the epick poetry of the European nations, from Homer down to Milton. By Mr. de Voltaire. To which is prefixed, a short account of the author. By J.S.D.D.D.S.P.D.
Règles &amp; avis sur la dévotion &amp; la décence qu'on doit aporter dans l'exercice du culte public : En particulier dans l'usage des prières communes de l'église anglicane. Traduit de l'anglois, sur la quinzième édition.
The law of charitable trusts : with the statutes, and the orders, regulations, and instructions, issued pursuant thereto : and a selection of schemes
Sumner &amp; Allen's Music Rooms ... January 29th, 1867. ...
A system of the law of marine insurances : with three chapters on bottomry, on insurances on lives, and on insurances against fire
The associators vindicated and the protestors answered.
Of subjection to King George : Being a brief essay for reconciling Whigs and Torys, and abolishing all distinctions.
Official documents and interesting particulars of the glorious victory obtained over the French fleet : on Sunday, June 1, 1794, by the British fleet, under the command of Admiral Earl Howe: illustrated with an accurate engraving of the manœvering and line of battle of the two fleets on that memorable day.
Londons new recorder or, certain queres to be resolved by the old recorder, for Londons further welfare
A suuord against suuearers and blasph[e]mers shewing the lawfulnesse of an oath, and how great a sinne it is to swear falsly, vainly, or rashly. Sword against swearing
Loves fancy, or, The young-mans dream being a caveat for all young men and maids, to make hay in sun-shine and often in shades, for maiden-heads ripe, like corn in their prime, ungathered will shed after harvest-time, to a pleasant new tune, or the the
George, by the diuine prouidence, Bishop of London: to all and singuler archdeacons, deanes, and their officials, parsons, vicars, curates, churchwardens; and to all other ecclesiasticall officers and ministers, within my Diocesse of Winton, and the
An address to the members of the Royal College of Surgeons : on the regulation of the Surgical Department of the Royal Infirmary. By Andrew Wardrop.
Blacks &amp; blackness in Central America : between race and place
A select collection of psalms and hymns : extracted from several authors, and published for the use of the congregation of Holywell Chapel. By the Rev. Mr. Coughlan.
A tract concerning schisme and schismatiques. Wherein, is briefly discovered the originall causes of all schisme. Written by a learned and judicious divine. Together with certain animadversions upon some passages thereof. Tract concerning schisme with
The idea of Christian love being a translation, at the instance of Mr. Waller, of a Latin sermon upon John xiii, 34, 35, preach'd by Mr. Edward Young ... ; with a large paraphrase on Mr. Waller's poem Of divine love ; to which are added some copies of
The whole book of Psalmes. Collected into English meetre by Thomas Sternhold, Iohn Hopkins, and others: conferred with the Hebrew, with apt notes to sing them withall. Set forth and allowed to bee sung in all churches of all the people together before
A dictionary, English-Latin, and Latin-English containing all things necessary for the translating of either language into the other. To which end, many things that were erroneous are rectified, many superfluities retrenched, and very many defects
The gunners dialogue VVith the Art of great artillery. By Robert Norton, enginier. and gunner
Reports d'ascuns cases (qui ont evenus aux temps du roy Henry le Septiême de tres heureuse memoire, &amp; du tres illustre roy Henry le Huitiesme, &amp; ne sont comprises deins les livres des terms &amp; ans demesmes les roys) seligès hors des papiers de Robert
Disputatio juridica ad legem rhodiam de jactu quam favente deo opt max ex auctoritate cl. ac celeberrimi viri, D. D. Jacobi Steuart, equitis aurati, advocati regii inclytae facultatis juridicae decani. Necnon, exejusdem facultatis juridicae consensu
A true narrative of the case of Sir George Wheeler, &amp;c.; Relating to his petition delivered Feb. 6. to the Honourable House of Commons, in answer to a Paper, entituled, The case of the inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spittle-Fields, &amp;c.; Sir George Wheeler's
The complete florist : or, the lady and gentleman's recreation in the flower garden ; being a choice compendium of what hath been worthy notice, for the propagation, raising, Planting, Increasing, and preserving the rarest flowers and plants. Wherein Each Flower is so particularly described, that none can be at a Loss to know the Contents of the Flower-Garden. With full Directions for managing the different Sorts of Auriculas, Anemonies, Narcissus's, Hyacinths, Tulips, And all Bulbous Roots. Together with directions what to do each month in the year.
Pond an almanack for the year of our Lord God 1686 ... fitted for the meridian of Saffron-Walden in Essex
A sermon preached before the House of Lords : in the Abbey Church of Westminster, On Wednesday, June 11. 1746. Being the Day of His Majesty's Happy Accession to the Throne. By Matthew, Lord Bishop of Bangor.
The lottery display'd, or the adventurer's guide ; shewing the origin, nature, and management of the state lottery: The Errors and Losses incident to the Drawing, Registering and Examining: The Method of guarding against their pernicious Effects ; and of recovering Prizes, hitherto sunk through imperfect Intelligence, or Loss of Tickets. Also the nature of insuring tickets, With Rules for estimating the Premium, at any Period of the Drawing: to which is added, a concise view of all the state lotteries to the present time.
Syphilis. : a practical dissertation on the venereal disease. In which, after an account of its nature and original, the diagnostick and prognostick signs, with the best ways of curing that distemper, together with many Histories relating to the same, are candidly, and without Reserve, communicated. In two parts. The second edition, revised, corrected, and improved, not only by many considerable Observations interspersed through out the Book, but the Addition also of several rare Cases at the Close. With some Remarks, by Way of Supplement, on Dr. Willoughby's Translation of Monsieur Chicotneau's Method of Cure. Which he entitles, The Practice of Salivating shewn to be of no Use or Efficacy in the Cure of the Venereal Disease, but greatly prejudicial thereunto. (in which a casual Digression concerning Inoculation.) With A Letter from Mr. Samuel Palmer, to the Author of the said Remarks, on the Subject abovemention'd. By Daniel Turner, M.D. of the College of Physicians in London.
The holy Bible, containing the Old Testament and the New: Newly Translated out of the Original Tongues ; and With the former Translations diligently Compared and Revised. By His Majesty's special Command. Appointed to be read in Churches.
A guide for malt-worms. The second part. Being a description of the manners and customs of the most eminent publick houses in and about the cities of London and Westminster. With a hint on the props (or principal customers) of each house. In a Method so plain, that any Thirsty Person (of the meanest Capacity) may easily find the nearest Way from one House to another. Done by several hands. Illustrated with proper cuts.
Reflexions on Dr. Gilbert Burnet's travels into Switzerland, Italy and certain parts of Germany and France, &amp;c.; divided into five letters
An Act and declaration touching several Acts and ordinances made since the twentieth of April 1653. and before the third of September 1654. and other Acts, &amp;c.; At the Parliament begun at Westminster the 17th day of September, An. Dom. 1656. Laws, etc
Anno XXIIII Henrici VIII actis made in the session of this present Parlyamente, holden vppon prorogacion at Westminster, the iiii. daie of Februarie, in the xxiiii. yere of the reygne of our moste dradde soueraygne lorde Kynge Henry the Eyght, and there
The wise virgin, or, A wonderfull narration of the hand of God wherein his severity and goodnesse hath appeared in afflicting a childe of eleven years of age, when stricken dumb, deaf and blinde through the prevalence of her disease, yet upon her
Gulielmi Wiccammi Winton episcopi ortus et vita, 1564, December 14
A helpe to discourse. Or, A misselany of merriment Consisting of witty philosophicall, and astronomicall questions and ansvvers. As also, of epigrams, epitaphs, riddles, and iests. Together with The country-mans counsellour, next his yearely oracle or
Coach and sedan, pleasantly disputing for place and precedence the brewers-cart being moderator
The pilgrims profession. Or a sermon preached at the funerall of Mris Mary Gunter by Mr Thomas Taylor. To which (by his consent) also is added, a short relation of the life and death of the said gentle-woman, as a perpetuall monument of her graces and
A treatise collected out of the statutes of this common-wealth, and according to common experience of the lawes concerning the office and authorities of coroners and sherifes : together with an easie and plaine method for the keeping of a Court-leet
Some observations in relation to the linen manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland
A dictionarie in English and Latine; deuised for the capacity of children, and young beginners
The description and use of the double horizontall dyall
The Force of example, or, The history of Henry and Caroline : written for the instruction and amusement of young persons.
A speech of the Honorable Denzell Hollis, (second son to the Right Honorable John Earle of Clare deceased) and brother to the now Earle of Clare. At the delivery of the protestation to the Lords of the upper house of Parliament, 4 May 1641. Wherein is
The magistrates charter examined, or his duty and dignity opened In a sermon preached at an assises, held at Sarum in the county of Wiltes, on the ninth day of March, last past, 1614. By Bartholomevv Parsons Batchelour in Diuinity, and vicar of
The embassador between heauen and earth, betweene God and man. Or A booke of heauenly and healthy meditations and prayers for earthly and sickly soules and sinners Fit to be borne in the hand, and worne in the heart of euery good Christian. By W.C
Liber Theoduli cum commento
A letter from J.B. alias Oldcutt, to his friend Mr. Jenks
Future interests and illegal conditions and restraints
The history of Hindostan : translated from the Persian. The second edition, revised, altered, corrected, and greatly enlarged, by Alexander Dow, Esq. In two volume. ...
Analysis libri [sic] Aristotelis De sophisticis elenchis in qua singula capita per quaestiones &amp; responsiones perspicuè &amp; dilucidè exponuntur: adhibitis quibusdam scholiis ex optimis quibusque interpretibus desumptis, in quibus natura &amp; modi
Free democracy! : F.W. Kellogg, Esq., of Ohio, will deliver an address at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, Oct. 19th, at 7 o'clock, upon political topics. ...
A gentleman's religion with the grounds and reasons of it, in which the truth of Christianity in general is vindicated, its simplicity asserted, and some introductory rules, for the discovering of its particular doctrines and precepts, are proposed
The vvhole book of Psalmes: collected into English meeter, by Thomas Sternhold, John Hopkins, and others, conferred with the Hebrew, with apt notes to sing them withall. Set forth and allowed to be sung in all churches ... Bible. O.T. Psalms. English
The Byble, whych is all the Holy Scripture in whych are contayned the Olde and Newe Testament
The humble petition and resolution of the deputy-lieutenants, captains, officers, souldiers, and voluntiers of the trained bands of the county of Warwick to the right honourable, Robert Lord Brook, Lord Lieutenant of the county aforesaid, and by his
V. Cl. Elogia Anglorum Cambdeniana hi majores tui sunt, si te illis dignum praestes. sen
VVilliam Idell obtained his Majesties Order in Council in consideration of his service in retaking his ship in the bay of Cadiz from the Dutch, and his great expence in attending to receive his Majesties reward, his Majesty in Council did order the said
An act agreed upon at the treaty, by the Kings Majesty and the commissioners at New-port in the Isle of Wight, on Munday last, October 9. 1648 Which his Majesty hath given his Royall consent to be passed. Concerning the militia of the kingdome, and for
A declartion [sic] and protest of the lords, knights and gentlemen in the Counties of Chester Salop Stafford, &amp;c.; against all assemblies which impose taxes upon the people without their consent by their representatives in a full, free and legall
America painted to the life. The history of the Spaniards proceeding in America, their conquests of the Indians, and of their civil wars among themselves. From Columbus his first discovery, to these later times. By Ferdinando Gorges, Esq
A select collection of modern poems
An ease for overseers of the poore abstracted from the statutes, allowed by practise, and now reduced into forme, as a necessarie directorie for imploying, releeuing, and ordering of the poore. With an easie and readie table for recording the number
A treatise on the management of pregnant and lying-in women : And The Means Of Curing, But More Especially Of Preventing The Principal Disorders To Which They Are Liable. Together With Some New Directions Concerning The Delivery Of The Child And Placenta In Natural Births. Illustrated With Cases. The third edition, revised and enlarged. By Charles White, Esq. F.R.S. Memb. of the Corp. of Surg, in London ; Surg. to the Infirm, and Lunat. Hosp. and V.P. of the Lit, and Phil. Soc. of Manchester: Hon. Memb. of the Roy. Med. Soc. and of the Phys. Chirurg. Soc. and of the Soc. for the Encouragement of the Study of Nat. Hist. of Edinburgh: and Cor. Memb. of the Roy. Soc. of Scotland.
Mnemophthoropaiktes, the brainbreakersbreaker, or, The apologie of Thomas Grantham, for his method in teaching dwelling in Lothbury, London
The nature and sources of the law
A journal of a voyage to Lisbon : With a fragment of a comment on Lord Bolingbroke's essays. By the late Henry Fielding, Esq.
My friend, have you tried Giofray's improved hair renovator? ... Joseph L. Giofray, sole proprietor ... For sale by John Holman &amp; Co. ... Boston.
Pharmacopœia extemporanea : or, a body of prescripts. In which forms of select remedies, accommodated to most Intentions of Cure usually occurring in Practice. Together with Virtues, Reason of Operation, Rules, Cautions, Practical Observations, Manner of Giving, Doses, a Catalogue of Medicines, and copions Index, are propos'd for the Assistance of young Physicians. Done into English out of Latin by the author Thomas Fuller, M.D. Cantab. With large additions and emendations.
Love's farewell : a reply to Love's chidings.
The beggar's pantomime : or, the contending Colombines : a new comic interlude. Intermix'd with ballad songs in the Characters of Polly and Lucy, Manager, and Deputy Manager. With the Scenes of Britannia ; or The Royal Lovers. As they are perform'd at the Theatre-Royal in Lincolns-Inn-Fields. Dedicated to Mrs. Clive and Mrs. Cibber. By Mr. Lun, Junior.
B.T. Babbitt's 1776 trade mark. New York City. ... "Why is B.T. Babbitt like Shakespeare's characterization of mercy" ...
Condolence and congratulation : a sermon on the death of Queen Anne: the happy accession of King George to the throne: And His Safe Arrival In The British Dominions. Preach'd at Hackney, Sept. 19. 1714. The Morning after his Majesty's Landing at Greenwich, and the Day before his Royal Entry through the City of London. By Ferdinando Shaw, M.A.
Dear Sir: Indulge me in submitting to your consideration the brief exhibition which follows, of the present condition, and wants of the church in Bangor. ...
The seasons : in four books, by the late James Thomson, with the life of the author, to which are added notes, illustrations, &amp; a complete index, by George Wright ...
The ancient and present state of Orkney : particularly the capital borough of Kirkwall. To which are added, the petty tyrants ; or, grinders of the poor. The characteristic New Year's gift, or, Lawrie's elections. And lastly, free national thoughts upon Great Britain. The whole collected by G. Eunson, Philo Patriae.
A letter to a priest of the Church of Rome, on the subject of image-worship in answer to a letter sent by him to Tho. Hunter, a priest of the Church of England.
Reward of merit presented to [Charles Andrews] for conduct good and lessons learned, your teacher can commend ; good scholarship has richly earned this tribute from your friend. By [A.A. Allen].
Rhetoric and Renaissance Culture
Earthdivers Tribal Narratives on Mixed Descent
Guidelines for Safe Recreational Water Environments, Volume 2 Swimming Pools and Similar Environments
The Unbearable Saki The Work of H. H. Munro
Combat Reporter Don Whitehead's World War II Diary and Memoirs
Horizontal Society, Volumes 1 and 2 Understanding the Covenant and Alphabetic Judaism
Traditional Fields of Agricultural Economics, 1940s to 1970s
A candid and fair examination of the Remarks on the letter to two great men : Directed to the author of that piece.
Logic of Society A Philosophical Study
Literature among discourses : the Spanish golden age
The Silver Palace Restaurant
Electrifying Europe The power of Europe in the construction of electricity networks
Lines of Power / Limits of Language
Managing the Modern Law Firm New Challenges, New Perspectives
Welfare and the Constitution
Liquor in the Land of the Lost Cause Southern White Evangelicals and the Prohibition Movement
Writing Matters Rhetoric in Public and Private Lives
To Bear Witness : A Journey of Healing and Solidarity
Some ethical gains through legislation
Lafcadio Hearn in International Perspectives
Limits and Possibilities The Crisis of Yugoslav Socialism and State Socialist Systems
Tel Aviv
Circular Journey
The Story of Infant Development
School laws of the state of Colorado : as amended to date.
Children and pensions
Statistical Principles and Techniques in Scientific and Social Research
Being Jewish in the New Germany
Precedents and forms of indictments, informations, complaints, declarations, pleas, bills in Chancery, answers, replications, demurrers, orders of court, bonds and writs : adapted to practice in United States criminal and civil cases : together with forms and instructions pertaining to the accounts and fees of United-States attorneys and commissioners
Females are mosaics X inactivation and sex differences in disease
Policy Dilemma Federal Crime Policy and the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, 1968-1978
A practical treatise on charter-parties of affreightment, bills of lading, and stoppage in transitu : with an appendix of precedents
Temps, aspect et modalité en français
Forms Of Fermat Equations And Their Zeta Functions
A plea for the constitution
A circular letter to the several petitioning counties, cities, and towns, addressed to their respective general meetings, against the late proposition for a triennial election of representatives, by Granville Sharp.
Bellini's la Sonnambula
Telicity in the Second Language
Acute Surgical Management
Translating Investments : Metaphor and the Dynamic of Cultural Change in Tudor-Stuart England
What Is a God? : Anthropomorphic and Non-Anthropomorphic Aspects of Deity in Ancient Mesopotamia
Homer in the Twentieth Century Between World Literature and the Western Canon
Multicultural Odysseys Navigating the New International Politics of Diversity
Computing Action A Narratological Approach
Scrolls of Love Ruth and the Song of Songs
Mathematics and religion : our languages of sign and symbol
Elliptic Curves A Computational Approach
Silent Fields The Long Decline of a Nation's Wildlife
Freedom of the Screen Legal Challenges to State Film Censorship, 1915-1981
The great audit ; or good steward : Being some necessary and important considerations to be considered of by all sorts of people. Taken out of (that late worthy and renowned judge) Sir Matthew Hale's writings.
Syntactic Gradience The Nature of Grammatical Indeterminacy
Identity Politics in the Middle East Liberal Discourse and Islamic Challenge in Egypt
The Origins of Meaning Language in the Light of Evolution
The Sites of Rome Time, Space, Memory
Register Variation in Indian English
Translation Technique and Theological Exegesis : Collected Essays on the Septuagint Version
Reproductive Health Indicators : Guidelines for their Generation, Interpretation and Analysis for Global Monitoring
A treatise on the law of civil salvage
Coping with Chronic Illness A Cognitive-Behavioral Approach for Adherence and Depression, Client Workbook
The mother of all arts : agrarianism and the creative impulse
Selected Letters of Charlotte Brontë
Blasphemy in the Christian World A History
Albania and the European Union The Tumultuous Journey Towards Integration and Accession
Race in the Atlantic World, 1700-1900 : In Search of Brightest Africa : Reimagining the Dark Continent in American Culture, 1884-1936
The Biblical Saga of King David
Literature and Politics in Cromwellian England John Milton, Andrew Marvell, Marchamont Nedham
The office of Vice-Admiral of the Coast : being some account of that ancient office
Story of the New Testament Text : Movers, Materials, Motives, Methods, and Models
New Rituals - Old Societies Invented Rituals in Contemporary Israel
Spain, 1833-2002 People and State
Effective Management of Bladder and Bowel Problems in Children For Healthcare Professionals.
Management research in East and West
Take Sides with the Truth The Postwar Letters of John Singleton Mosby to Samuel F. Chapman
Under the lilac he sleepeth. : Dedicated to the friends of Wm. H. Noyes, a private in Col. Wilson's Regiment, drowned Oct. 5th. 1861. : Music can be obtained of Oliver Ditson &amp; Co., 277 Washington Street, Boston.
Bizet's the Pearl Fishers
Railway law for the people : being the law, as it affects railway passengers, treated in a popular way
International Research on Natural Resource Management Advances in Impact Assessment
Three Jewish Journeys Through an Anthropologist's Lens From Morocco to the Negev, Zion to the Big Apple, the Closet to the Bimah
A praxis of logic : for the use of schools. By John Collard.
A poem on the marriage of His serene Highness the Prince of Orange : with Ann Princess-Royal of Great Britain. By Stephen Duck. To which are added, Verses to the author, by a divine. With the author's answer.
In Defense of the Bush Doctrine
Registrum regale: sive, catalogus : I. Præpositorum utriusque Collegii Regalis Etonensis &amp; Cantabrigiensis. ... Ab ann. dom. MCCCCXLIII ejusdem collegii regalis fundationis primo, usque ad ann. MDCCLXXIV.
The English Irish dictionary : an focloir bearla Gaoidheilge. Ar na chur a neagar le Conchobar o Beaglaoich mar don le congnamh Aodh bhridhe mac Cuirtin agus fós.
A letter to the clergy of the West-India islands : by Beilby, Lord Bishop of London.
Health : a poem. By Allan Ramsay.
M. Tullii Ciceronis orationes selectæ : Item, Cato major, seu de senectute ; Lælius, sive de amicitia ; et somnium Scipionis. Ad editionem optimam Josephi Oliveti summa cura castigatæ. In usum juventutis academicæ.
Première lettre à Madame la Duchesse de Devonshire, en forme d'analyse raisonnée de meilleurs poëtes François.
Publii Virgilii Maronis Bucolica, Georgica, et Æneis : nunc primum edita ad hoc exemplar, interpretatione et notis illustrata, opera et studio Thomæ Cooke.
Placita principalia, et consilia : ad benè beatéque vivendum utilissima, e veterum philosophorum &amp; dramaticorum ferè poetarum scriptis. Delegit Johannes Mapletoft, S.T.P. Quibus adjungitur, prosodia græca Labbeana compendiosa facilique methodo tradita à Leedesio aucta. Accuratius edita ab Andrea Tooke ...
The works of King Charles I. both civil and sacred. With the life and reign of that prince.
Use Lutyted's cough drops. ...
Wyatt's Dramatic Lyceum! American Building, Hartford. ... Benefit of Mr. J.A. Webb ... June 16 [1860] ...
Henry the Second : or, the fall of Rosamond. A tragedy, by Thomas Hull. As performed at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden. Regulated by the author.
Henry Clavering, Gen. appellant. Sir James Clavering, Barrt. and others, respondents. The respondent, Sir James Clavering's case.
Museum : Troy, corner Fulton and River Streets. ... Last night of the American tragedian, Mr. Neafie! ... This evening, June 3, 1852, will be acted the patriotic tragedy of Damon! and Pythias! or The test of friendship! ... To conclude with the laughable farce of the Lady in black! ...
A selection of favourite catches, glees, &amp; c : as sung at the Harmonic Society, in the city of Bath. With the rules of the society, and a list of the members.
Her Grace of Marlborough's party-gibberish explained : and the true sons of the church vindicated. By an honourable hand.
A choice and diverting dialogue between Hughson the cobler and Margery his wife ; which happened about twelve o'clock, at his arrival home from the alehouse
A collecion [sic] of Psalms, proper to be sung at churches : and suited to the several parts of divine service. ... The whole collected out of the new version, and set to the most approved tunes.
A collection of new state songs : in old popular tunes ; devoted to the use of good singers ; the Solace of good Subjects ; and the Joyous Festivals of Sheep-Sheerings, Harvest-Homes, Whitson-Ales, and Country-Wakes. By Jeremiah van Jews-Trump, Esq.
Fragments of the history of John Bull. By Sir Humphry Polesworth, Bart.
An epitome of the stocks and public funds : containing every thing necessary to be known for perfectly understanding the nature of those securities, and the Mode of doing Business therein. To which is annexed, a copious equation table, Exhibiting at One View not only the exact Value the different Stocks and Funds bear, or ought to bear, with respect to each other, but also with the Value of Land ; and likewise the several Prices, at which the same interest is made in either, upon the Money laid out. Together with an appendix, containing the only Account ever yet published of the Bank Stock and Funds of the United States of America. By T. Fortune, Author Of The History Of The Bank Of England.
Proof led in the process : at the instance of the Elders and Parishioners of the Parish of Port Patrick: against Mr William Macmaster. Proof led before the Presbytery of Hamilton.
A letter to the Rev. Dr. Samuel Chandler : from the writer of The history of the man after God's own heart.
An abstract of an essay towards deducing the elements of universal law : from the first principles of knowledge, and the nature of things: in a methodical and connected series. In five books. I. Of Law in General. II. Of Private Law. III. Of Criminal Law. IV. Of the Laws of Magistracy. V. Of the Law of Nations. By Fettiplace Bellers, Esq.
The pleasing instructor or, entertaining moralist ...
The holy Bible, containing the Old Testament and the New: Newly Translated out of the Original Tongues, And with the former Translations diligently Compared and Revised. By his Majesties special Command. Appointed to be read in Churches.
The consequences of the proposed union with respect to Ireland : considered: in a second letter To the Marquis Cornwallis. By James Gerahty, Esq. Barrister at Law.
A survey of the lakes of Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancashire : together with an account, historical, topographical, and descriptive, of the adjacent country. To which is added, a sketch of the border laws and customs. By James Clarke, Land-Surveyor.
The wreath : a Curious collection Of above Two Hundred new songs, including those of the bottle, hunting, mirth and jollity ; with all those sung by the most eminent performers, at Vauxhall, Ranelagh, Marybon, Cuper's-Gardens, And all Publick Places of Diversion, Few of which are to be found in any other Collection yet published. With an alphabetical contents, For the more ready finding out each song.
A sermon upon the thanksgiving for the victory obtain'd by Her Majesty's forces : and those of her allies, over the French and Bavarians near Hochstet, under the conduct of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough. By William Elstob, A.M. Rector of the Two united Parishes of St. Swithun and St. Mary Bothaw, London ; and Chaplain to the Right Reverend Father in God, William, Lord Bishop of Carlisle.
The quacks or, Love's the Physician. A farce. As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane, by his Majesty's servants. Written by Mr. Owen Mac Swiny.
Observations on the nature of civil liberty : the principles of government, and the justice and policy of the war with America. To which is added, an appendix, containing, a state of the national debt, An Estimate of the Money drawn from the Public by the Taxes, and An Account of the National Income and Expenditure since the last War. By Richard Price, D.D.F.R.S.
The nature and extent of the apostolical commission. : a sermon preached at the consecration of the Right Reverend Dr Samuel Seabury, Bishop of the Episcopal Church In Connecticut. By a bishop of the Episcopal Church in Scotland.
Proper heads of self-examination for a king. : Drawn up for the use of the late Dauphin of France, Father to his present Majesty King Lewis XV. whilst Duke of Burgundy. By M. de Fénelon, Archbishop and Duke of Cambray. Together with the author's life, a complete catalogue of his works. And memoirs of his family. Translated from the French.
Convenient and ornamental architecture : consisting of original designs, for plans, elevations, and sections: Beginning With The Farm House, and regularly ascending to the most grand and magnificent Villa ; Calculated Both for Town and Country, and to suit all Persons in every Station of Life. With a reference and explanation, in letter-press, of the Use of every Room in each separate Building, and the Dimensions accurately figured on the Plans, with exact Scales for Measurement. By John Crunden, architect. The whole elegantly engraved on seventy copper-plates, by Isaac Taylor.
The Chiefs of refined minstrelsy ... Worcester Theatre, Worcester. ... October 7th, 1876. ...
A course of lectures on elocution : together with two dissertations on language ; and some other tracts relative to those subjects With various Thoughts, and interesting Observations on the present prevailing Mode of Education, occasionally interspersed. By Thomas Sheridan, A.M.
Sethona : a tragedy. As it is performed at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane.
Nicolai Triveti, Dominicani, Annales sex Regum Angliæ. : E præstantissimo codice Glastoniensi nunc primum emendate edidit Antonius Hall, A.M. Coll. Regin. Oxon. Socius.
Fables by the late Mr. Gay. In one volume complete. : In One Volume Complete.
Five scarce tracts : (belonging to the Popish controversy.) viz. The plain man's reply to the Catholic missionaries. A defence of the plain man's reply to the Catholic missionaries. The country-parson's admonition to his parishioners. A defence of the country-parson's admonition to his Parishioners. The child's monitor against popery. Written by William Assheton, D.D. now published in a size conformable to other papers relating to that debate, for the Convenience of those who are desirous of compleating their Collections by the addition of these Tracts.
The life of the Right Honourable Sir John Holt, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's-Bench ; containing several arguments touching the rights and liberties of the people, delivered by His Lordship, with great Reason and remarkable Courage, upon most important Occasions, during the Reigns of their Majesties, King William the third, and Queen Anne ; taken from the Report of the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, &amp;c.; And An Abstract of Lord Chief Justice Holt's Will, Codicils, &amp;c.; Also Points of Law, resolved by his Lordship, on Evidence, at Nisi Prius. With a table of references to all His Lordship's arguments and resolutions in the several volumes of reports. Never before published. Libertatis, ac Legum Anglicarum Assertor, Vindex, Custos, Vigilis, Acer, et Intrepidus
Catalogus librorum bibliothec? ecclesi? Christi Cantuariensis.
Joannis Rossi antiquarii warwicensis Historia regum Angliæ. : E codice MS. in Bibliotheca Bodlejana descripsit, notisque &amp; indice adornavit Tho. Hearnius, A.M. Oxoniensis. Accedit Joannis Lelandi antiquarii Nænia in mortem Henrici Duddelegi Equitis ; Cui praefigitur Testimonium de Lelando amplum &amp; praeclarum, hactenus ineditum.
News from the sessions house in the Old-Bayly being a true account of the notorious principles and wicked practices of that Grand Impostor Lodowick Muggleton, who has the impudence to stile himself one of the two last commissioned witnesses and prophets
A sermon preach'd before the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor and aldermen of the city of London, at Guild-Hall chappel, on Sunday, Novemb. 13, 1692 by Richard Bowchier
The historie of the damnable life, and deserued death of Doctor Iohn Faustus Newly printed, and in conuenient places, imperfect matter amended: according to the true copie printed at Frankfort; and translated into English, by P.R. Gent
Marketing Management
Goldsmith, 1696. An almanack for the year of our Lord God, 1696 Being bissertile or Leap-year. Wherein are contained many necessary rules and useful tables. With a description of the high-ways, marts and fairs in England and Wales. The like not extant
An Antidote against an infectious aire, or, A short reply of wel-wishers unto the good and peace of this kingdome, Vnto the declaration of the 11th of February, 1647
The second book of the works of Mr. Francis Rabelais, Doctor in Physick treating of the heroick deeds and sayings of the good Pantagruel
By the King, a proclamation for the discovery and apprehension of a French Jesuite stiling himself Monsieur St. Germain and his accomplices in the late violence offered to Monsieur Luzancy alias Chastelet
Millennianism, or, Christ's thousand years reign upon earth considered in a familiar letter to a friend
Pharmaceutical Chemistry, 1
Testimony for the son of man and against the son of perdition wherein is set forth the faith and obedience of Gods elect, testified by the mouth of the Lord, angels &amp; men. With a true discovery of a bundle of equivocations, confusions, and hyprocisies
The Reconstruction of American Liberalism, 1865-1914
Sir Thomas Fairfax's proceedings in the vvest against the enemy since he advanced to Bodman in Cornvval sent to the Honoble William Lenthal Esq; Speaker of the Honorable House of Commons. Wherein is a list of the names of the Lord Mohuns and divers
Rebellions antidote: or A dialogue between coffee and tea
The country mans instructor. Or, A briefe and plaine method of intelligence containing many experienced remedies for the diseases commonly befalling to horses, sheepe, and other cattle. With an admirable and safe way of gelding or spaying, both of male
The parallel between David, Christ, and K. Charls, in their humiliation and exaltation delivered in a sermon preached at Wadhurst in Sussex
Cosmetics : A Practical Manual
A treatise concerning the lawfull subject of baptisme wherein are handled these particulars : the baptizing of infants confuted, ... the covenant God made with Abraham and his seed handled &amp; how the same agrees with the Gentiles and their seed, the
A Bitter Peace Washington, Hanoi, and the Making of the Paris Agreement.
The marrow of physicke, or, A learned discourse of the severall parts of mans body being a medicamentary, teaching the manner and way of making and compounding all such oyles, unguents ... &amp;c.; as shall be usefull and necessary in any private house
UN and Global Political Economy Trade, Finance, and Development
One thing is needful, or, Serious meditations upon the four last things, death, judgment [brace] and [brace] heaven, hell unto which is added Ebal and Gerizzim, or, The blessing and the curse : with prison meditations and a catalogue of all this
Administrative Law
The jovial may-pole dancers: or, The merry morris. The tune is, Top and top gallant, &amp;c.; Top and top gallant
English liberties, or, The free-born subject's inheritance containing, I. Magna Charta, the petition of right, the habeas corpus act &amp;c.; ... II. Of justices of the peace ... III. The coroner and constable's duty
A speech made by Captaine Audley Mervin to the Vpper House of Parliament in Ireland, March 4. 1640. Together with certaine articles (of high treason) against Sir Richard Bolton Lord Chancellor, John Lord Bishop of Derrie, Sir Gerard Lowther, Lord chiefe
The votes and orders of the honorable House of Commons, passed February 25, &amp; 26. 1662. Upon reading his Majesties gracious declaration and speech : together with their reasons and addresse, humbly presented to hHis Majesty (the whole House present) by
Sinne kept out of the kingdome
Archaeoclimatology Atlas of Oregon : The Modeled Distribution in Space and Time of Past Climates
Fables. In two parts. : By the late Mr. John Gay. Part First.
Essentials of Physical Pharmacy
A treatise of the necessity and frequency of receiving the Holy Communion With a resolution of doubts about it. In three discourses begun upon Whit-Sunday in the cathedral church of Peterburgh, 1684. To press the observation of the fourth Rubrick after
Johnson. 1624. A new almanacke, and prognostication for the yeare of our Lord God, 1624. : Being the bissextile, or leape-yeare. : Calculated for the meridian of the most honorable city of London, where the pole articke is eleuated 51 grad. 32 min. and
Six sermons preached by Maister Henry Smith 1, 2 Of Ionahs punishment, 3 The trumpet of the soule, 4 The sinfull mans search, 5 Maries choyce, 6 Noahs drunkennesse, two zealous prayers : and published by a more perfect copie then heretofore
A dictionary in English and Latine devised for the capacitie of children, and young beginners. At first set forth by M. Withals, with phrases both rythmicall and proverbiall: recognized by Dr. Evans; after by Abr. Fleming: and then by William Clerk. And
Traitte touchant l'obessance passive. Ou L on fait voir que toute forte de resistance aux superieurs est defendue par la fainte ecriture Traduite del' Anglois de Dr. Sherlock. Par Monseiur le Comte de Roscomon
The arraignment, conviction and condemnation of the Westminsterian-Juncto's engagement with a cautionarie exhortation to all honest English spirits to avoid the danger of perjurie by taking of it
Anno. XXV. Henrici VIII. Actis made in the session of this present parliment holden uppon prorogation at Westmynster, the .XV. daye of Januarie, in the. XXV. yere of the reigne of our moste dradde soueraygne lorde kynge Henry the. VIII.[...] Laws, etc
The economy of an institution : established in Spitalfields, London. For the purpose of supplying the poor with a good meat soup, at one penny per quart. ... To which is added an account of the soup establishment at Westminster.
The Political Languages of Emancipation in the British Caribbean and the U.S. South
A caueat for the Christians agaynst the arch-papist
Stalin's Holy War Religion, Nationalism, and Alliance Politics, 1941-1945
The Banish'd duke, or, The tragedy of Infortunatus acted at the Theatre Royal
The solace of Sion, and ioy of Ierusalem. Or consolation of Gods church in the latter age redeemed by the preaching of the Gospell vniuersallye. Beeing a godly and learned exposition of the Lxxxvij. Psalme of the princelye prophet Dauid: written in
The Nevve Testament of our Lord Iesus Christ conferred diligently with the Greke, and best approued translations. Bible. N.T. English. Whittingham. 1557
Secular politics, communal agenda : history of politics in India from 1860 to 1953
The burgess ticket of Buckhaven, By Mother Greg
What Have I Done? A Victim Empathy Programme For Young People
Morality and Utility in American Antislavery Reform
His Majestie's gracious speech together with the Lord Chancellor's to both Houses of Parliament on Saturday the 29th day of December, 1660, being the day of their dissolution, as also that of the speaker of the Honorable House of Commons, at the same
Crossing Borders - Integrating Differences Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy in Transition
Professional Cost Accounting
Financial Services, Markets &amp; Regulations
Judah's restitution A sermon preached before the reverend judges, Sir Christopher Turner Baron of the Exchequer, and Sir Richard Bernard Serjeant at Law. At the assizes begun at Yorke the 29 of July, 1661. By Jos: Hunter Master of Arts and Minister in
Arts Therapies in Schools Research and Practice
Entrepreneurship Development and Production Management
Design ecologies : essays on the nature of design
Stella clericorum
The Psychoanalytic Therapy of Severe Disturbance
The journal of the proceedings of the Parliament in Ireland with the establishment of their forces there
The Company They Kept Migrants and the Politics of Gender in Caribbean Costa Rica, 1870-1960.
A Text Book of Signals &amp; Systems
Finance and Development, Volume 44, No. 2 : Unleashing the Economic Power of Women
Human Resource Management
Investing in the Disadvantaged Assessing the Benefits and Costs of Social Policies
Boston Museum ... Last nights but three of the eminent artiste Miss Agnes Robertson ... Jan. 30 &amp; 31 [1854] ...
Global Marketplace for Private Health Insurance Strength in Numbers
For Both Cross and Flag Catholic Action, Anti-Catholicism, and National Security Politics in World War II San Francisco
Plato's Ghost The Modernist Transformation of Mathematics
Information and Communication Technologies for Women's Socio-Economic Empowerment
Partnership of Equals Practical Strategies for Healthcare CEOs and Their Boards
Pluto Confidential An Insider Account of the Ongoing Battles Over the Status of Pluto
Finance and Development, Volume 43, No. 4 : Africa : Making Its Move
The Audacity of Races and Genders A Personal and Global Story of the Obama Election
Protecting Aboriginal Children
Minorities in the Chemical Workforce: Diversity Models that Work - A Workshop Report to the Chemical Sciences Roundtable
Capitalizing on New Needs and New Opportunities : Government-Industry Partnerships in Biotechnology and Information Technologies
Declaration. The negotiation which an anxious desire for the restoration of peace had induced His Majesty to open at Paris, having been abruptly terminated by the French government, the King thinks it due to himself and to his people to state in this public manner the circumstances which have preceded and attended a transaction of so much importance to the general interests of Europe. ...
Research Needs for High-level Waste Stored in Tanks and Bins at U.S. Department of Energy Sites Environmental Management Science Program
Veterans and Agent Orange Herbicide/Dioxin Exposure and Acute Myelogenous Leukemia in the Children of Vietnam Veterans
Biologic Markers in Reproductive Toxicology
Railway tariffs and the interstate commerce law
Federal Reserve Board Beige Book
Sterling pianos. The Sterling Co. Derby, Conn. U.S.A. ...
Flexible Working
Unequal Treatment: Confronting Racial and Ethnic Disparities in Health Care
Sharing research data
Carbon Management Implications for R and D in the Chemical Sciences and Technology (A Workshop Report to the Chemical Sciences Roundtable)
Dietary Reference Intakes for Energy, Carbohydrate, Fiber, Fat, Fatty Acids, Cholesterol, Protein, and Amino Acids (Macronutrients)
Environmental Contamination, Biotechnology, and the Law The Impact of Emerging Genomic Information : Summary of a Forum
Improving Palliative Care for Cancer
Health and Behavior : The Interplay of Biological, Behavioral, and Societal Influences
The mind and faith of Justice Holmes : his speeches, essays, letters, and judicial opinions
Helping Children Learn Mathematics
Deferred Maintenance Reporting for Federal Facilities Meeting the Requirements of Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board Standard Number 6, as Amended
Review of the USGS National Water Quality Assessment Pilot Program
Mammography and Beyond : Developing Technologies for the Early Detection of Breast Cancer: A Non-Technical Summary
The speech of Mr John Talbot Campo-Bell, a free Christian-Negro : to his countrymen in the mountains of Jamaica. In two parts. To which is subjoin'd the Speech of Moses Bon Sàam, another Free Negro.
Dynamics of Disability Measuring and Monitoring Disability for Social Security Programs
Abaritte storia verissima
The airs, duets, chorusses, &amp;c.; in the new musical farce of Love in a camp : or Patrick in Prussia ; performed at the Theatre-Royal in Covent Garden. Written by the author of The poor soldier, &amp;c.; The music by Mr. Shields.
A godly warning to all maidens : By the example of God's judgments shewed on Jerman's wife of Clifton, in the county of Nottingham, who lying in child-bed, was born away, and was never heard of after. To the tune of, The lady's fall.
Proposals from the Sun Fire-Office in Threadneedle Street, behind the Royal Exchange, London, for insuring houses, moveable goods, merchandize, furniture and wares, from loss and damage by fire, in any part of Great Britain, according to the following articles.
Answers for John Young and Katharine Spalding, and Patrick Spalding their curator, to the petition of Kenneth Morison.
Duplies for Major-General Alexander Stewart of Cairn, Andrew MʻDowall of Culgroat, Esq. The Honourable Keith Stewart of Corsewell, and others, freeholders of the county of Wigton, respondents ; to the replies for the Right Honourable Basil William Douglas commonly called Lord Daer, eldest son of the Right Honourable Dunbar Earl of Selkirk, complainer.
Paley's law and practice of summary convictions under the Summary Jurisdiction acts, 1848-1884 : including proceedings preliminary and subsequent to convictions, and the responsibility of convicting magistrates and their officers : with the Summary Jurisdiction Rules, 1886, and forms.
Answers for David Sloan in Netherforrest, tacksman of the lands of Largvey, and others, suspenders. To the petition of John Coltart of Arimining, factor on the sequestrated estate of Stranfasket and Largvey, charger.
The practice of the High Court of Chancery : to which is added a collection of the forms of pleadings and of proceedings in that court
[Easter hymns].
Paley's law and practice of summary convictions by justices of the peace : including proceedings preliminary and subsequent to convictions : also, the responsibility and indemnity of convicting magistrates and their officers : with practical forms and precedents of convictions.
Virginia. The Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, --- petitioner, the Governor and Council of Virginia, in right of the Crown, Defendants. defendents. The case on behalf of the Crown.
The royal merchant
The Attic nights of Aulus Gellius
A sermon preach'd upon occasion of the funeral of the Reverend Mr. Daniel Burgess : Minister of the Gospel, who died Jan. 26. 1712/13 in the 67th year of his age. By Matthew Henry, Minister of the Gospel. With a short Account concerning him.
Hearing to review the status of the year 2000 computer program at the Department of Education and Corporation for National Service : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Education and the Work
Miscellanea medica : videlicet, I. Oratio Harveiana anno MDCCLV in Theatro Coll. Reg. Med. Lond. habita, nunc secunda vice edita cum Notis admodum auctis. II. Epistola critica ad ornatissimum Virum Dominum Edoardum Wilmot Baronettum Medicum Regium Ordinarium, in qua Quatuor Quaestionibus, ad Variolas Insitivas spectantibus, Orbi medico denuo propositis ab Antonio DE Haen, Sacrae Caesareae Majestatis Consil. Aulico, Med. Pract, in alma et antiquissima Universitati Vindobonensi Professore Primario, Directe Responsum est. III. Sex histori? medic?, five Morborum aliquot rariorum et funestorum Commentarius. Auctore Roberto Taylor Medico Regio Ordinario, Coll. Reg. Med. Lond. et Regiae Societatis Socio.
Elements of Psychoanalysis
H.R. 2731, the Occupational Safety and Health Small Employer Access to Justice Act of 2003 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congr
The rights of princes. Consisting of extracts from Pigott's Political dictionary. Containing a definition of the following words, relative to the above non-naturals, viz. Absurdity Ambassador Brutality Bully Court Cruelty Death Extermination Fashion Grimace Greedy Guilt Half-Seas-Over Hag Halter Harlot Hemp Hideous Idol Lie &amp;c.; &amp;c.; Tear-a drop of water, which at once involuntarily starts in the eye of the Philosopher on the bare mention of the word Prince or Noble-Scourges of the Human Race!.
A sermon, preached before the guardians of the Asylum for Helpless Orphans, on Thursday, May 19, 1791. By George Henry Glasse, M.A. Late student of Christ-Church, Oxford, rector of Hanwell, Middlesex.
Hong Kong after the elections : the future of one country, two systems : hearing before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, September 23, 2004
The foundling. : a comedy. As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane. By Mr. Moore, Author of Fables for the Female Sex.
Concio ad clerum Londinensem, habita in ecclesia parochiali S. Alphegi, mensis Maij vij. A.D.M DCC XXIII. A Ri. Roderick, S.T.P. Collegij Sionensis Praeside, &amp; Rect. Sancti Michaelis Bassishaw, London.
An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton, to the south wall of the church yard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south east end of the street called Finkell-Street in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold in the county o York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York ; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe in the north riding of the county of York.
Spasticity and its Management with Physical Therapy Applications
The richardiad. : a satire. Translated from a Greek fragment of Petronius Arbiter, by Theodorus Gratian. With notes variorum.
A reply to Sir Henry Clinton's narrative. : Wherein his numerous errors are pointed out, and the conduct of Lord Cornwallis fully vindicated from all aspersion: including the whole of the public and secret correspondence, between Lord George Germain, Sir Henry Clinton, and His Lordship ; as also intercepted letters from general washington.
Hearing to review the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations : hearing before the Subcommittee on Department Operations, Oversight, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress
Hearing to review the impact of the indirect land use and renewable biomass provisions in the renewable fuel standard : hearing before the Subcommittee on Conservation, Credit, Energy, and Research of the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representative
The statutes at large : from the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the third to the sixteenth year of the reign of King George the third, inclusive. To which is prefixed, A table of the titles of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time. With a copious index. Volume the twelfth.
Priestcraft distinguish'd from Christianity. Shewing, I. That wicked priests are the real Antichrists mention'd in Scripture. II. That the Corruptions of the Laity in all Christian States, proceeds from the Corruptions of the Clergy. III. That there was a more General Vertue in the grossest Times of Paganism, than there has been since our Saviour came into the World. IV. That there is a more General Vertue in other Parts of the Globe, than in the Christian World. V. That there was a more General Vertue in our own Nation in the Times of our Ancestors, than there is in our own Times ; and that Priestcraft, and Corruption of Manners, have increas'd together. By their Fruits ye shall know them.
The present state of Convocation : In a letter, giving the full relation of proceedings in several of the late sessions: beginning from Wednesday, January the 28th, and continued to Thursday, February the 19th. Correcting the Mistakes and Slanders of the Pretended Faithful Accounts, Numb. 1, 2.
A sermon before the University of Cambridge on the anniversary of His Majesty's accession to the throne, June 11. 1744. By T. Parne, D.D. Rector of Walkington in Yorkshire, and Chaplain in Ordinary to His Majesty.
H.R. 1863--the Employment Non-Discrimination Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Programs of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, July 17, 1996
Anno regni Georgii I. Regis. Magn. Britann. Franciæ, &amp; Hiberniæ, quarto. At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the seventeenth day of March, Anno Dom. 1714. In the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George I. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &amp;c.; And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Twenty first Day of November, 1717. Being the Third Session of this present Parliament.
A sermon preached in the parish church of Bury, on Thursday the 18th of October, 1798, by the rev. Sir W.H. Clerke, Bart. Rector of Bury, on the occasion of the colours being presented to the Bury Loyal Association ; together with the Prayer of Consecration. To which is added, (at the request of the officers) The Form of Presentation, and the speech of Lady Clerke on presenting the colours ; with Lieutenant Colonel Pell's Reply, And his Address to the Corps.
The lady's last stake : or the wife's resentment. A comedy. As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal, in Crow-Street, by His Majesty's servants. Written by the late Colly Cibber Esq ; ...
A letter from a Presbyterian in Dublin to his friend in Scotland.
Measure for measure
With near 4000 additions and alterations, carefully corrected up to January 30, 1800, Boyle's fashionable court and country guide : and town visiting directory, containing an alphabetical arrangement of the names and places of abode ... of all the ladies and gentlemen of fashion. To which is added, the Inns of Court, &amp;c.; ...
Christian liberty, founded in gospel truth : or, the great argument of Christian liberty, explained In its necessary Connection with sound Principles, in Opposition to some dangerous Notions relating to both. In a sermon upon John viii-32. By C. Mastertown. M.A.
Remarks on American affairs.
The christian's manual. : In two parts. I. The catechumen: Or An Account given by a Young Person of his Knowledge in Religion, before his Admission to the Lora's Supper, as a Ground-Work for his right under standing the Sacrament. II. An introduction to the sacrament: Or, A short, safe and plain Way to the Communion Table ; being an Instruction for the worthy Receiving the Lord's Supper. To which is added, The communicant's assistant ; being Devotions to that purpose ; fitted to be used before, at, and after the Receiving the Blessed Sacrament. Collected for, and familiarly addressed to every particular Communicant. By L. Addison, D.D. Late Dean of Litchfield.
Julian, or, A discourse concerning the earthquake and fiery eruption which defeated that emperor's attempt to rebuild the temple at Jerusalem : in which the reality of a divine interposition is shewn, the objections to it are answered, and the nature of that evidence which demands the assent of every reasonable man to a miraculous fact is considered and explained
The history of Tom Jones the foundling, in his married state. : the second edition corrected, with an additional chapter, communicated to the author by Mr. Allworthy, &amp;c.; concerning plays, and the French Strolers in Particular.
H.R. 1434, a bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, hea
H.R. 2406, the United States Housing Act of 1995 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Housing and Community Opportunity of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, October 13,
H.R. 1042--the Net Worth Amendment for Credit Unions Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, Ap
H.R. 1906, H.R. 2818 and H.R. 3936 : legislative hearing before the Subcommittee on National Parks, Recreation, and Public Lands of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, April 16, 2002
The epistles and Art of poetry of Horace : In Latin and English. With critical notes collected from his best Latin and French Commentators. By the Revd Mr. Philip Francis, Rector of Skeyton in Norfolk. Vol. IV.
Plain reasons : I. For dissenting from the communion of the Church of England. II. Why Dissenters are not, nor can be guilty of Schism, in peaceably Separating from the Places of Publick Worship in the Church of England. And III. Several common objections, brought by Churchmen against Dissenters, answer'd. By a true Protestant.
The charms of liberty a poem. By the late Duke of D- To which is added, epigrams. Poems and satyrs. Written by several hands.
The case of Mr. John Ferguson : of Argyleshire in Scotland, who Hath lived above Eighteen Years only on Water, Whey, or Barley-Water ; together With Observations thereon: Wherein are laid down The Possibility of the Truth of the said case, attested to the Royal Society, on Thursday the 9th Day of December 1742. Supported By Cases of the like Nature from Authors ; Reasons why such slender Diet hath been able so long to support Life. With Some Curative Intentions and Remedies for this Person's recovering his pristine State of Health. By Thomas Umfreville, M.D.
A sermon preach'd before the Right Honourable Sir Samuel Stanier Knt, Lord Mayor, the Aldermen, and Citizens of London, in the Cathedral church of St. Paul, on Monday March 8. 1713, Being the Day of Her Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne: By Benjamin Ibbot, M.A. Rector of the United Parishes of St. Vedast, aliàs Foster's, and St. Michael Quern, and Chaplain to his Grace the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury
Hearing to review the regulatory and legislative strategies in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed : hearing before the Subcommittee on Conservation, Credit, Energy, and Research of the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Co
An essay on the venereal gleet : in which the different species of this disorder are distinguished, and their causes assigned ; together with the symptoms, and method of cure peculiar to each of them: To which are added Suitable Prescriptions adapted to the several Intentions of Cure. By Samuel Chapman, Surgeon.
The practical navigator, and seaman's new daily assistant. : Being an epitome of navigation: including the different methods of working the lunar observations. With Every Particular Requisite for Keeping a Complete Journal at Sea. Likewise The Methods of finding the Latitude by two Altitudes of the Sun ; by the Meridian Altitude of the Moon, the Planets, or fixed Stars ; and to compute the Altitudes of the Sun, Moon, or Stars, without an Observation. The Manner of Mooring, Unmooring, and Working a Ship in all difficult Cases at Sea. With Directions for conducting her out of Dock, and into the principal Ports and Harbours in the British Channel. Which is The Substance of that Examination, every Candidate for a Commission in the Royal Navy, and Officer in the Honorable East-India Company's Service, must pass through, previous to their being appointed: This, with the Sea Terms, are particularly recommended to the Attention of all young Gentlemen designed for, or belonging to the Sea. To this edition are added, besides many important Improvements, the requisite tables used with the nautical almanac in Determining the Longitude at Sea. The different Methods are exemplified and rendered easy to any common Capacity. Also, a new table, the largest and most correct hitherto published, of the latitudes and longitudes of the principal ports and Headlands in the known World ; and all the other Tables useful at Sea. Revised and corrected with such Care that they may be depended on. By John Hamilton Moore, Teacher of Navigation, Hydrographer and Chart-Seller to his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence.
H.R. 1518, H.R. 1776, and H.R. 2114; Legislative Hearing before the Subcommittee on National Parks, Recreation, and Public Lands of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, First Session
Dissertatio medica, inauguralis, de hepatis inflammatione. : Quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Gulielmi Robertson, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; Nec Non Amplissimi Senatus Academici consensu, Et nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae decreto ; pro gradu doctoris, Cummisque In Medicina Honoribus AC Privilegiis Rite ET Legitime Consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Samuel Macay, Hibernus. Soc. Chem. Sod. Ad diem 12. Septembris, hora locoque solitis.
The charge of God to Joshua : in a sermon preach'd before His Grace the Duke of Marlborough, at Avenes le Sec, September 9. 1711, Being The Day of Thanksgiving for passing the Lines, and taking Bouchain. By Francis Hare, D.D. and Chaplain General of her Majesty's Forces in the Low-Countries. Enter'd according to Act of Parliament.
H.R. 2202 and H.R. 3223 : legislative hearing before the Subcommittee on Water and Power of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, June 5, 2002
Ars notariatus : or, the art and office of a notary-public, as the same is practised in Scotland. In two parts. I. Giving an Account of the Rise and Institution of the Office, and ancient and present State thereof. II. Containing Notorial Instruments of all kinds. To which is added, by way of conclusion, an advice to notaries, touching the right discharging of their office.
H.R. 1239 and H.R. 2742 : legislative hearing before the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, October 17, 2001
Serious advice to persons who have been sick : to be put into their hands as soon as they are recover'd. With A Thanksgiving for Recovery. By the Right Reverend Father in god, Edmund Gibson, D.D. late Lord Bishop of London.
The praise of peace. A poem. In three cantos. From the Dutch of M. van Haren, one of the Deputies of the Province of West-Friesland in the Assembly of their High Mightinesses the States General. By Mr Boyse
J.P. Brissot, Deputy of Eure and Loire, to his constituents, on the situation of the National Convention : on the influence of the anarchists, And The Evils IT Has Caused ; and on the necessity of annihilating that influence In Order To Save The Republic. Translated from the French. With a preface and occasional notes by the translator.
A short treatise on the game of piquet. : Directing with Moral Certainty how to Discard any Hand to Advantage, by shewing the Chances of taking in any one, two, three, four, or five certain Cards. Computations for those who bet their money at the game. Also the Laws of the Game. To which are added, some rules and observations for playing well at chess. By Edmund Hoyle, gent.
H.R. 1375 : the Financial Services Regulatory Relief Act of 2003 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first ses
A sermon preach'd before the Sons of the Clergy at their anniversary-meeting in the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, February 13. 1728/9. By Robert Kilborn, LL. D. Prebendary of St. Paul's, and Rector of the United Parishes of St. Mary Aldermary, and St. Thomas Apostle.
Selections from the correspondence of General Washington and James Anderson : LL. D.F.R.S.F.A.S.E. &amp;c.; &amp;c.; Author of several Performances, and Editor of Recreations in Agriculture, Natural History, Arts, and Miscellaneous Literature. In which the causes of the present scarcity are fully investigated.
Airs, chorusses, &amp;c.; &amp;c.; in Albert &amp; Adelaide : or the victim of constancy ; a grand heroic romance, in Three Acts, Taken from the German. As performed at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden. The music selected and composed by Mr. Steibelt, and Mr. Attwood.
Hearings on H.R. 3334, the Royalty Enhancement Act of 1998 : hearings before the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources of the Committee on Resources, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, March 19 and May 21, 1998,
God manifest in the flesh. : a sermon preached at High-Wycombe, Bucks, On Sunday, 25th December, 1791. By William Williams, Curale, of All-Saints, High Wycombe. Published by Request.
A sermon preach'd at St. Margarets Westminster August the 19th. 1708. Being The Thanksgiving-Day for the late Great Victory obtain'd over the French Army near Audenarde, by Her Majesty's Forces, and those of Her Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough. By Tho. Knaggs, M.A. Lecturer of St. Giles's in the Fields, and Chaplain to the Right Honourable Fulk Lord Brook.
Asbestos Risks, Environment and Impact
H.R. 1442 : to authorize the design and construction of a visitor center for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial : legislative field hearing before the Subcommittee on National Parks, Recreation, and Public Lands of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Re
A letter from the Westminster Journal of the 9th of February, 1744-5 : to Thomas Touchit, Esq.
A treatise on the powers of medicines : by the late Learned Herman Boerhaave, Doctor of Philosophy and Physic, and Professor of Physic, Botany, and Chemistry in the University of Leyden. Translated from the most correct Latin edition, by John Martyn, Fellow of the Royal Society. And Professor of Botany in the University of Cambridge.
A scripture-Manual : or a plain representation of the ordinance of baptism. Designed for the Use of all, who would answer a good Conscience towards God ; And give a Reason of their Faith and Practice with Meekness and Fear. By Samuel Wilson.
The works of God declar'd : in a sermon preach'd at Turners-Hall, the 12th of the 9th month, 1702. Being the Day of Thanksgiving for the Success of the Queens Forces. Now Publish'd at the Request of the Hearers. By Joseph Jacob a Servant of Christ crucified.
H.R. 1230, to establish the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge in the state of Michigan : legislative hearing before the Subcommittee on Fisheries Conservation, Wildlife, and Oceans of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, O
Old interest a farce, of three and forty acts. As it is perform'd with great disaffection at the Th----e in O--f--d, by none of his Majesty King George's servants, Nor by his Majesty's Command. Being A true Specimen of Old-Interst Religion, Old-Interest Politicks, Reasoning and Manners ; and a full Answer to an anonymous Pamphlet, entitled, The Circumcision of Sir E.T. and to all other scurrilous Old-Interest Pamphlets, Letters, or Advertisements, that have been, or ever shall be published.
The gentleman and citizen's almanack : for the year of our Lord, 1731. Being the Third after Bissertile or Leap-Year. Containing The Days of the Year, and Month. The Week-Days, named at large. The Sun's Rising and Setting. The Moon's Age and Changes. The New Stile, used abroad. A Table of Equation. A Tide-Table. A Table of the Price of Goods, from half a Farthing per Pound. A Table of Twilight. A Table of Coin, with the Weights for Gold. A Table of Interest at 7 per Cent. A Table of Purchase at 6, 7, 8, and 10 per Cent. A Table of the Weight of Bread. A Regal Table, newly examined. The Marriages and Issues of the present Sovereign Princes of Europe. And the Deaths of the late Ones. The Names of LD. Lieutenant, Lords Justices, His Majesty's most Hon. Privy-Council, and the Chief Officers, both Civil and Military in Ireland. The Names of the present Archbishops and Bishops. The Names of the present Lord Mayor, Sherriffs, Aldermen, and Sherriffs-Peers of Dublin. The Swearing Days, and Masters Names of the Corporations of Dublin. The Names of the Counties in Ireland ; and Number of Acres in each. The Principal Roads of Ireland, Corrected from Senex's Map, By Mr. John Gibson. The Fairs of Ireland, newly mended in many Places, with the Addition of 200 good Fairs, and upwards, all put into a new Method, by John Watson Bookseller. To all which are prefixed, A Table of the Terms ; A Table of Eclipses ; with the Post-Towns in Ireland: And an Explanation of the Whole.
The Origins and History of Consciousness
Energy, Environment, Natural Resources and Business Competitiveness The Fragility of Interdependence
H.R. 1549 : Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act (PAMTA) : hearing before the Committee on Rules, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, Monday, July 13, 2009
The musical law-bird : On the following subject[s] 1. The Poet-Laureat's Address to the House of Lords. 2. The Declaration of a bright Luminary of the Law. 3. The Royal Stag-Hunt on Windsor-Forest. 4. A Squeeze in Guildhall: 5. Cut and come again ; or, The generous City Landlord. 6. The Easter Hunt on Epping-Forest. 7. The Rival Charms of Vauxhall. N.B. - Sung last season with great applause in select Companies. By Harry Helicon, Esq. Poet-Laureat to the House of Lords, near Lombard-Street.
Hospital group purchasing : are the industry's reforms sufficient to ensure competition? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition policy, and Consumer Rights of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Co
Hearing to review the impact of EPA regulation on agriculture : hearing before the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, One Hundred Twelfth Congress, first session, March 10, 2011
Art in an Age of Civil Struggle, 1848-1871
Nietzsche, Godfather of Fascism? On the Uses and Abuses of a Philosophy
Fitzgerald-Wilson-Hemingway Language and Experience
Power and Policy : America's First Steps to Superpower, 1889-1922
The practice of confounding the distinction between good and evil consider'd, and expos'd. : In a sermon preached at St. Mary's in Oxford, before Mr. Justice Powell, and Mr. Justice Gould ; And Before the University of Oxford, at the Assizes held there, Mar. 4. 1707/8. By Joseph Trapp, M.A. Fellow of Wadham-Coll. Publish'd at the Request of the High-Sheriff, and the Gentlemen of the Grand-Jury.
Living Together, Living Apart Rethinking Jewish-Christian Relations in the Middle Ages
H.R. 1585--Depository Institution Regulatory Streamlining Act of 1999 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Con
Pleasure and Meaning in the Classical Symphony
Constitutional Patriotism
Responding to Globalisation
H.R. 1054, H.R. 2213, H.R. 3433, and H.R. 3537 : legislative hearing before the Subcommittee on Insular Affairs, Oceans, and Wildlife of the Committee on Natural Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, Tues
An Assessment of the Investment Climate in Kenya
A letter to a friend. Concerning the infallibility of the Church of Christ. : In answer to a late pamphlet, entitled, An humble address to the Jesuits, by a dissatisfied Roman-Catholic.
How does illegal immigration impact American taxpayers and will the Reid-Kennedy amnesty worsen the blow? : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, August 2, 2006
Inquiries in the Economics of Aging
Lean cost management accounting for lean by establishing flow
Hearing to Review the Federal Crop Insurance Program, Hearing before the Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management of the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, First Session
Politics and the Passions, 1500-1850
How Do We Promote Democratization, Poverty Alleviation, and Human Rights to Build A More Secure Future?; Hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Congress, Second Session
Little Data Book on Africa 2008
Women's Health Needs In Patient Education
Homeland security implications of radicalization : hearing before the Subcommittee on Intelligence, Information Sharing, and Terrorism Risk Assessment of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second ses
Biocides in Plastics
No child left behind and the public schools
H.R. 2382, the Credit Card Interchange Fees Act of 2009; and H.R. 3639, the Expedited Card Reform for Consumers Act of 2009 : hearing before the Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, Octo
Household Chores and Household Choices Theorizing the Domestic Sphere in Historical Archaeology
Experimental Endocrinology and Reproductive Biology
Women's Social Activism in the New Ukraine Development and the Politics of Differentiation.
H.R. 272, H.R. 437 and H.R. 1113 : legislative hearing before the Subcommittee on National Parks, Recreation, and Public Lands of the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, Tuesday, April 8, 200
Tyre Recycling
How can technical assistance stimulate New Jersey's manufacturing base : field hearing before the Subcommittee on Tax, Finance, and Exports of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, Passai
The Welfare State in Transition Reforming the Swedish Model
Reengineering Community Development for the 21st Century
Green Plans Blueprint for a Sustainable Earth.
H.R. 2183, Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology Opportunity Act of 2003 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Research, Committee on Science, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, July 9, 2003
Advice from Farmer Trueman : to his daughter Mary, upon her going to service. In a series of discourses, designed to promote the welfare and true interest of servants, with reflections of no less importance to Masters and Mistresses.
Statistical Analysis with R
From Timid To Tiger A Treatment Manual for Parenting the Anxious Child
Reconceptualizing the Industrial Revolution
Arnould on the law of marine insurance.
Future of Nursing : Leading Change, Advancing Health
The New Arab Media Technology, Image and Perception
The Market for Remittance Services in the Czech Republic Outcomes of a Survey among Migrants
In the mood for mood
Digital Design of Signal Processing Systems A Practical Approach
Global Bollywood Travels of Hindi Song and Dance
Researching Education Data, methods and theory in educational enquiry
Medicinal Plant Biotechnology
The inner pulse unlocking the secret code of sickness and health
Bacterial Stress Responses
Religion(en) deuten Transformationen Der Religionsforschung
This Great Struggle America's Civil War
Longing, Belonging, and the Making of Jewish Consumer Culture
Addressing Modernity Social Systems Theory and US Cultures
Bob Drinan : the controversial life of the first Catholic priest elected to Congress
Lure : The True Story of How the Department of Justice Brought down Two of the World's Most Dangerous Cyber Criminals
Humanizing the Economy Co-operatives in the Age of Capital
BioWatch and Public Health Surveillance Evaluating Systems for the Early Detection of Biological Threats: Abbreviated Version
Gene Discovery for Disease Models
Understanding the Professional Buyer What Every Sales Professional Should Know About How the Modern Buyer Thinks and Behaves
Membrane Process Design Using Residue Curve Maps
Scholasticism Reformed Essays in Honour of Willem J. Van Asselt
Historical Dictionary of Shinto
Do metaphors dream of literal sleep? a science-fictional theory of representation
Hunger The Biology and Politics of Starvation
Reading the Dao A Thematic Inquiry
Boundaries of Jewish Identity
Hospital Preaching as Informed by Bedside Listening A Homiletical Guide for Preachers, Pastors, and Chaplains in Hospital, Hospice, Prison, and Nursing Home Ministries
The Micro-Doppler Effect in Radar
Student Loans in China Efficiency, Equity, and Social Justice
North Korean Foreign Policy Security Dilemma and Succession
Natural Hazards, UnNatural Disasters The Economics of Effective Prevention
Media, Spiritualities and Social Change
A Guide to Psychotherapy
John Marsden Darkness, Shadow, and Light
Up in a back room : Air.--"Up in a balloon."
Understanding Signal Integrity
Thinking Like a Lawyer An Introduction to Legal Reasoning
Principles of Ecology and Management : International Challenges for Future Practitioners
Arnould on the law of marine insurance.
African-Americans in Defense of the Nation A Bibliography
Caught in the Middle Neutrals, Neutrality and the First World War
Anti-Lucretius : sive de Deo et natura, libri novem. Eminentissimi S.R.E. Cardinalis Melchioris de Polignac Opus Posthumum ; Illustrissimi Abbatis Caroli D'Orleans de Rothelin curâ &amp; studio editioni mandatum. Tomus Primus.
Business Statistics
Effective Internal Communication
Principles of Marketing
Bacchanalia, or, A description of a drunken club a poem
Excavations at Ancient Nabratein : Synagogue and Environs
Governing Through Crime How the War on Crime Transformed American Democracy and Created a Culture of Fear
The protest psychosis : how schizophrenia became a Black disease
At a session of the commissioners of sewers, pavements, &amp;c.; London, held at Guildhall, on Friday, the [blank] day of 174[blank].
Educational Change From Traditional Education to Learning Communities
The crown and glory of Christianity : or, the young man's guide thro' the wilderness of this world: with a drop of honey from the rock of Christ. Written by W. Ross ; ...
A supplemental apology for the believers in the Shakspeare-Papers : being a reply to Mr. Malone's answer, which was early announced, but never published: with a dedication to George Steevens, F.R.S.S.A. and a postscript to T.J. Mathias, F.R.S.S.A. the author of the pursuits of literature. By George Chalmers, F.R.S.S.A.
Dark Days, Bright Nights : From Black Power to Barack Obama
Rural revolt in Mexico : U.S. intervention and the domain of subaltern politics
Learning to Manage Global Environmental Risks, Volume 1 A Comparative History of Social Responses to Climate Change, Ozone Depletion and Acid Rain
Physic for traitors! : Tune--"Red, white and blue."
Field Guide to Marine Mammals of the Pacific Coast Baja, California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia
Plotting a true course : reflections on USAF strategic attack theory and doctrine : the post World War II experience
The hardships occasioned by the oaths to the present government consider'd and argu'd : By a well-wisher to his country.
An essay on trade, wherein the present dispute about callicoes, &amp;c.; is consider'd.
Take it back, you careless boy! ... Now you have it, this is Knapp's ; thank you for your trouble! I'd prefer it over all tho' the price were double! But it's cheap as well as good, and so little bother-when Knapp's root beer can be found I will use no other. ...
Economy in fuel! ... Spear's anti-dust gas burner ... Aug. 29th, 1859. ... James Spear, 1116 &amp; 1118 Market Street, Philadelphia.
Boston in honor of Ole Bull ... Dec 8th 1876 ... Music Hall ...
The law of Scotland regarding the poor
Sagacious remarks on the more than sagacious and ever memorable speech of Solomon of the North, vindicating him from sundry malicious aspersions ; ... By a citizen of York.
Principios de legislación y de codificación : extractados de las obras del filósofo inglés Jeremías Bentham
New England Women's Auxiliary Association--monthly report. Early in January a student at the Cambridge Law School came, bringing the best references, and offered his services to us as a relief agent. He wished to give his vacation to the soldiers ...
Sweet robin : or, the children in the wood. A select collection of the choicest songs, ancient and modern.
The Nerve.
Sir--Although I have very recently issued a long circular letter, respecting the extreme irritation of the public mind to the South, and the alarming appearances there, I am induced, from the daily extension of the spirit of disaffection ... to trespass on you once more ...
Horticultural Hall! Friday evening, Feb. 11th, 1859. ... The splendid moving mirror of the Bunyan Tableaux! ... Programme. ...
C. Knight's circulating library : Castle-Street, Windsor. Conditions to be observed by every subscriber.
Kate T. Barto, as administratix, etc., agst. the Tompkins County National Bank.
An answer to Mr. Woolston's Discourses on the miracles of our Saviour : By Will. Doyle, LL. B. ...
Notification. : the inhabitants of Ward No. 7, in the city of Boston, qualified as the law directs, are hereby notified to assemble at their Ward Room, Franklin Street, on Monday, the thirteenth day of November next ... to give in their ballots for a governor, lieutenant governor, six senators, for the district of Suffolk, and forty-four representatives ...
Publii Ovidii Nasonis metamorphoseon libri XV : Interpretatione &amp; notis illustravit Daniel Chrispinus Helvetius ad usum serenissimi Delphini.
Minutes of conversations between preachers and delegates : late in connexion with the Rev. Mr. Wesley, held in Manchester, on the 2d, &amp;c.; of June, 1800.
Serious considerations concerning the doctrines of election and reprobation : Extracted from a late author.
Notification. : the inhabitants of Ward No. 7, in the city of Boston, qualified as the law directs, are hereby notified to assemble in their Ward Room, Franklin Street, on Monday, the eighth day of November next ... to give in their ballots for a governor, lieutenant governor, six senators for the district of Suffolk, and forty-four representatives ... to represent the said city in the next General Court ...
Russell on the power and duty of an arbitrator : and the law of submission and awards and references under order of court : with an appendix of forms, precedents and statutes.
Hymns. : By E. Godwin.
Young America crushing rebellion and sedition. : Annual greeting of the carriers to the patrons of the Press.
Consolidation of railroads
Gloriana, or, The court of Augustus Caesar acted at the Theatre-Royal, by Their Majesties servants
Kneeling to God at parting with friends, or, The fraternal intercessory cry of faith and love setting forth and recommending the primitive mode of taking leave
Lyra prophetica Davidis Regis. Sive Analysis critico-practica Psalmorum In qua omnes &amp; singulae voces Hebraeae in Psalterio contentae, tam propriae quàm appellativae (nullâ exceptâ) ad regulas artis revocantur; earúmque significationes genuinae
Philaster. Or, love lies a bleeding Acted at the Globe, and Black-friers, by his Majesties Servants. The authors being Francis Beaumont, and John Fletcher, Gent
Petroleum refineries : will record profits spur investment in new capacity? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy and Resources of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, October 19,
Prosodia Henr. Smetii rub. F. Aleda, Alostani Flandri medicinae doctoris, promptissima quae syllabarum positione &amp; diphthongis carentium, quantitates solâ veterum poetarum autoritate, adductis exemplis, demonstrat
The case of the free distillers, with reference to the drawing and distilling of spirits from malt
An impartial account of the Portsmouth disputation with some just reflections on Dr. Russell [sic] pretended narrative. By Samuel Chandler. William Leigh. Benjamin Robinson. With an abridgment of those discourses, that were the innocent occasion of that
Predatory lending and reverse redlining : are low-income, minority and senior borrowers targets for higher-cost loans? : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, June 25, 20
A letter from the head-qvarters, at St. Albanes, communicating the proceedings of the generall councell of the Army the weeke past: setting downe such queries by the officers and souldiers, as were presented to the generall and councell. Written to a
The trust problem in the United States
President's fiscal year 2011 budget : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, February 2, 2010
Essays on international law
President Bush's trade agenda : hearing before the Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, March 11, 2004
The Austinian theory of law : being an edition of lectures I, V, and VI of Austin's "Jurisprudence", and of Austin's "Essay on the uses of the study of jurisprudence"
An acte of common Councell Where at a court of common Councell, holden at the Guildhall of this citty of London, on the tenth day of Nouember, in the xxix. yeere of the raigne of our soueraigne Lady the Queenes most excellent Maiesty that now is. Acts
Prescription for addiction? : the Arizona and California medical drug use initiatives : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, on examining the newly adopted initiatives that modi
Perspectives on the economic outlook : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, March 8, 2001
Packaging and labeling practices. Hearings before the Subcommittee on Antitrust and Monopoly of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Eighty-seventh Congress, first session pursuant to S. Res. 52. Part 3
The present state of the Socinian controversy, and the doctrine of the Catholick fathers concerning a trinity in unity by William Sherlock
Policy Options for Iraq; Hearings before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Congress, First Session
President's fiscal year 2005 budget for the U.S. Department of Labor : hearing before the Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, March 4, 2004
By the King. A declaration. James R. We being informed that as well in the troops lately come out of England, who made a descent into this our kingdom, under the command of Mareshal Schomberge, as in those who formerly have taken arms here against us
Pain Relief Promotion Act : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session on H.R. 2260, April 25, 2000
Pitfalls of a minimum wage increase : hearing before the Subcommittee on National Economic Growth, Natural Resources, and Regulatory Affairs of the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, secon
President Obama's New Plan for Missile Defenses in Europe and the Implications for International Security, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, First Session
If you the meaning of this picture aske, it is the Princess Henrietta's maske
A full and true relation of the elephant that is brought over into England from the Indies, and landed at London, August 3d. 1675. Giving likewise a true account of the wonderful nature, understanding, breeding, taking and taming of elephants
Passenger vessel legislation. Hearing, Ninety-first Congress, first session ... July 22, 1969
Hawaii Attorney General Opinions
Massachusetts Continuing Legal Education–Employment Law
Exceptions many and just against two injurious petitions exhibited to the Parliament· The one Iuly 16. The other Aug. 4. 1653. Both of them not only against tithes, but against all forced or constrained maintenance of ministers, examined and found many
Federal Finance and Banking–Office of the Comptroller of the Currency–Interpretations and Actions
Federal Taxation–IRS Litigation Bulletins
Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 1995 : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, on H.R. 1833, an act to amend Title 18, United States Code, to ban partial-birth abortion, November
The history of England Giving a true and impartial account of the most considerable transactions in church and state, in peace and war, during the reigns of all the kings, from the coming in of Julius Caesar, to the end of the year 1696. And in the
Further instruction for Cap: Thomas Allen touching the execution of his commission; bearing date the eight day of January, 1649
Planning, regulation, and competition: automobile industry, 1968 : hearings before subcommittees [Subcommittee on Monopoly and Subcommittee on Retailing, Distribution, and Marketing Practices] of the Select Committee on Small Business, U.S. Senate, Ninet
Presidential and Executive Office Financial Accountability Act of 1997 and Special Government Employee Act of 1997 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Management, Information, and Technology of the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight
Preventing Terrorist Attacks on America's Chemical Plants; Hearing before the Subcommittee on Economic Security, Infrastructure Protection, and Cybersecurity of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, Fir
Preclinical and Clinical Testing by the Pharmaceutical Industry, 1977, Hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-Fifth Congress, First Session, Part IV
The anatomy of an arbitrary prince, or, King James the II set forth in his proper colours, and what England may expect from such a one : written for the information and satisfaction of all the grumbletonians in Their Majesties dominions
The peace-maker or, a brief motive to unity and charitie in religion. By W.P. D.D
Patient confidentiality : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, March 24, 1998
Maryland Statutes 1989–Annotated
An Impartial account of the late discovery of the persons taken with fire-balls in Southwark and the circumstances attending what materially happened during their being in custody and confession before the justice of peace, with many other matters
Federal Human Resources–Thrift Savings Plan Bulletin
The poor distressed people of Holland their humble thanks and acknowledgement for His Majesties gracious favours profer'd them in his late declaration
Present and future of e-commerce for small businesses in the private sector and with federal government agencies : hearing before Subcommittee on Government Programs and Oversight of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred
Automachia: or, the selfe-contradiction of some that contend about church-government, dialogue-wise digested into a scholasticall discourse, betweene religion, reason, prejudice and partiality; wherein some of the principall pleas and pretences lately
Freedom and Order: a commentary on the American political scene
Reflections upon the memorial from his Most Christian Majesty presented by the Count de Briord, his ambassador extraordinary to the States-general of the United Provinces at the Hague, December 4. 1700 : containing his reasons for accepting the late
North American Free Trade Agreement–Binational Panel
Of regeneration and baptism, Hebrew &amp; Christian, with their rites, &amp;c.; disquisitions by Christopher Elderfield
Some queries concerning the order and government of the church of Christ
President Clinton's fiscal year 1997 budget : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, hearings held in Washington, DC, March 31, 1996
Moyses in a map of his miracles. By Michael Drayton Esquire
Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, on the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, December 6, 2003, Padu
The business of alchemy : science and culture in the Holy Roman Empire
Native American communities in Wisconsin, 1600-1960 : a study of tradition and change
Gwyddor vchod
Tennessee Insurance Regulations Suite Bulletins
Plugging into energy independence with 150 MPG vehicles : hearing before the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, July 12, 2007
Potential alternative energy sources available on national public lands : oversight hearing before the Committee on Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, October 3, 2001
Virtualities television, media art, and cyberculture
President's fiscal year 1999 budget request for the Small Business Administration : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, March 18, 1998
The royall game of chesse-play sometimes the recreation of the late king, with many of the nobility : illustrated vvith almost an hundred gambetts
A defence of The antidote against Mr. Baxter's palliated cure of church divisions wherein Mr. Baxter's contradictions and inconsistences ... are clearly discovered, and the great question about conformity briefly stated in a letter to Mr. Richard Baxter
Possible changes to the Commodity Exchange Act : hearing before the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session ... June 5, 1996
American Suffrage: From Property to Democracy, 1760-1860
President's fiscal year 2010 budget overview : hearing before the Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, March 4, 2009
Analysis logica evangelii secundum Johannem una cum scholiis &amp; observationibus locorum doctrinae. Autore M. Johanne Piscatore, sacrarum literarum in illustri schola Herbornensi professore
Renovating Russia the human sciences and the fate of liberal modernity, 1880-1930
Code of Federal Regulations (1989 Version)
A respectful examination of the judgment delivered Dec. 11, 1809, by the Right Hon. Sir J. Nicholl, Knt. LL. D., official principal of the Arches Court of Canterbury, against the Rev. John Wight Wickes, for refusing to bury an infant child, which had been baptized by a dissenting minister : in a letter to Sir John Nicholl
New York Statutes 1990–Annotated
Puerto Rico Statutes 1990–Annotated
Monteverdi's last operas : a Venetian trilogy
The conduct of the Reverend Dr. White Kennet : Dean of Peterborough. from the year 1681, to the present time. Being a supplement to his Three letters to the Bishop of Carlisle, upon the subject of Bishop Merks. By an impartial hand.
Arkansas Statutes 1988–Annotated
Federal Government Contracts–District of Columbia Contract Appeals Board Decisions
California Business and Commercial Briefs Multibase
Kentucky Environmental Law Administrative Decisions
Federal Finance and Banking–Office of Thrift Supervision Director's Orders
He has kept his word. A poem : To perpetuate the memory of that glorious action of the brave Admiral Vernon. Who with six ships only, took Porto Bello. Written by a geftleman [sic] on board that fleet.
Irene triumphans. : the address of the British muse to the peace-makers. An heroick poem. By E. Settle.
Firendship [sic], adieu thou dear deceitful good: ...
Wakefield &amp; Howe, dealers in painted pails, tubs, buckets, brooms ... and all kinds of wooden &amp; willow wares ... 29 &amp; 30 North Market Street, Boston.
Boston [Jan. 8] 18[30] Mr. [Billings] Bo't of J.L. Cunningham auctioneer &amp; commission merch't. Corner of Federal &amp; Milk Street.
Saenger Halle. ... 15ten Mai, 1871. ...
A new treatise on the different disorders arising from external injuries of the head
Sir Martyn, a poem, in the manner of Spenser. By William Julius Mickle.
Songs, airs, duetts, and chorusses, &amp;c.; in The Highland-Reel ; a comic romance. In three acts. As performed at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden. The music composed and compiled by Mr. Shields.
Ketchum's patent improved mowing machine ... Worcester Mass, June 1st, 1859. ...
Roma illustrata : or, a description of the most beautiful pieces of painting, sculpture, and architecture, antique and modern, at and near Rome.
The life of Oliver Cromwell containing his military exploits in England : during the Grand Rebellion, his reduction of Scotland, and conquest of Ireland: his civil government, policy, treaties with, and, respect paid him, by foreign princes and states. With an account of the great actions performed by his brave generals and admirals in the war with the Dutch and Spaniards.
A short treatise upon arts and sciences, in French and English, by question and answer. : the fifth edition. Enlarged with an infinite number of things both curious and instructive. ... By John Palairet ...
The description of a new universal microscope : which has all the uses of the single, compound, opake, and aquatic microscopes. With particular Directions for the Use and Application of every Part of the Apparatus, as represented and illustrated in a large Copper-Plate. By B. Martin.
No. [blank]. The Franklin Canal Company's Erie &amp; Ohio Rail Road. Shares $25 each. Capital subscribed $500,000 with power to increase. This certifies, that [blank] is entitled to [blank] shares in the capital stock of the said company. Transferable on the books thereof. ... this [blank] day of [blank] 18.
Fast line east via Cincinnati. Commencing June 11th. ... 1860 ... Railroads! From Cincinnati ... P.W. Strader, gen'l ticket agent, Cincinnati.
Boston Theatre. ... Farewell engagement to the incomparable Ravels Gabriel, Antoine, and Jerome ... This Thursday evening, --February 18, 1858, will be given ... the comic ballet pantomime of The Milliners! Or, The Hungarian rendezvous. ... To conclude with ... a new grand holiday Christmas pantomime ... entitled The golden egg ... the entertainments of the evening will commence with a new comic drama ... entitled My husband's ghost! ...
Reasons humbly submitted to the Honourable House of Commons, against laying a duty on news-papers and pamphlets.
The Federal Power Marketing Revolving Fund Act of 1979 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy Conservation and Supply of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session, on S. 734 and S. 1440 ; bills to enable the Secretary of Energy to utilize revenues from power marketing to carry out his responsibilities related to Alaska power administration, southeastern power administration, southwestern power administration, and western area power administration, and for other purposes ; June 28, 1979.
Public papers and addresses of Benjamin Harrison, twenty-third President of the United States, March 4, 1889, to March 4, 1893.
Sam'l Sturgis, hatmaker, opposite the Golden Key Fore Street, Boston.
A letter addressed to a noble lord : by way of reply to that of the Right Honourable Edmund Burke. By Bolingbroke.
Remarks on a scandalous libel, entitl'd A letter from a Member of Parliament, &amp;c.; relating to the Bill of Commerce. : In which the trade with France is consider'd ... To which is added, a caution to the freeholders of Great Britain in their approaching elections. And an exact list of the House of Commons ...
La filosofia della natura di Tito Lucrezio Caro, e confutazione del suo deismo e materialismo, col poema di Aonio Paleario dell'immortalità degli animi dell' abate Raffaele Pastore. A sua eccellenza Carlo Grimani patrizio veneto.
A sermon preach'd at Queen-Street chapel : and St. Paul's, Covent-Garden ; on Friday the 17th of February, 1758. Being the Day appointed for a General Fast. By the Rev. Thomas Francklin, M.A. Publish'd at the Desire of those who heard it.
A journal of a voyage round the world, in His Majesty's ship Endeavour : in the years 1768, 1769, 1770, and 1771 ; undertaken in pursuit of natural knowledge, at the Desire of the Royal Society: Containing all the various occurrences of the Voyage, with descriptions of several new discovered countries in the Southern hemisphere ; and Accounts of their Soil and Productions ; and of many Singularities in the Structure, Apparel, Customs, Manners, Policy, Manufactures, &amp;c.; of their Inhabitants. To which is added, a concise vocabulary of the language of Otahitee.
A sermon preached at St. Dunstan's in the east : on Friday, the 19th of April, 1793 ; being the day appointed for a general fast. By the Rev. Thomas Waters, A.M. curate of the said Parish, and lecturer of St. Stephen, Walbrook ; and St. Bennet, Sherehog.
A voyage round the world : In His Majesty's ship the Dolphin, commanded by the honourable Commodore Byron. In which is Contained, A faithful Account of the several Places, People, Plants, Animals, &amp;c.; seen on the Voyage: And, among other Particulars, A minute and exact Description of the Streights of Magellan, and Of the Gigantic People called Patagonians. Together with An accurate Account of Seven Islands lately discovered in the South Seas. By an officer on board the said ship.
Virginia Bills Archives
The time-Server's garland, beautified with four excellent new songs. 1. The Time-Server; or, politick Turn-Coat. 2. The Green Garter; or the Deceiver fitted. 3. Bessy Bell and Mary Gray. 4. The Downfal of Eshet Wind-Mill.
Benevolence exclusively an evangelical virtue. : a sermon, preached before the governors of Addenbroke's Hospital, at St. Mary's Church, in the University of Cambridge, On Thursday, July 2, 1795. By Thomas Rennell, D.D. Late fellow of King's College.
Publishing by subscription, Steele's essay upon gardening. : Containing a Catalogue of most of the Exotic Plants at this Time cultivated in the Stoves and Green-Houses of the British Gardens, -The Plan of an elegant capacious Stove with the latest Improvements, -The best Method of Planting the Hot-House Vine, -A Description of proper Earths for keeping in high Preservation every tender Exotic, -Observations on the History of Gardening, And, -A Contrast of the Antient with the Modern Taste. By Richard Steele, of Thirsk, in the County of York.
Wisconsin Statutes 1993–Annotated
Neck or nothing : in a letter to the Right Honourable the Lord - being a supplement To the short History of the Parliament. Also the new scheme (mention'd in the foresaid History) which the English and Scotch Jacobites have concerted for bringing in the Pretender, Popery and Slavery. With the True Character or Secret History of the Present Ministry. Written by his Grace John Duke of -----.
The london and country brewer. : Containing The Whole Art of Brewing all Sorts of malt-liquors, As practised both in Town and Country ; according to Observations made by the Author in Four Years. Travels through the several Counties in England. Also, The Method of preserving Liquors in the Cask, and Directions to be observed in Bottling them. In three parts. To which is added, A supplement. By a Person formerly concerned in a Publick Brewhouse in London.
On the gratitude we owe to God for the public blessings of our country. : a sermon, preached in the Parish Church of Alverstoke, in the county of Southampton, September the 30th, 1792, By John Sturges, Lld. Rector of Alverstoke.
A new : plain, and rational treatise on the true nature and uses of the Bath waters: shewing the cases and constitutions in which these waters are really proper to be used, and the best Methods of using them, and likewise the Cases in which they are hurtful and very dangerous ; -and demonstrating the great Errors in which Mankind have hitherto been under, in regard to bathing in, pumping with, and drinking these wonderful and powerful Waters ; -And also as to their Regimen of Food, Drink, Airing, Exercising, &amp;c.; To which are added, several very remarkable cures performed by Doctor Graham, under the immediate ocular Inspection, and attested by th[e] Hand-Writing of several of the principal Nobility of Europe and some great cures performed at Bath. By James Graham, M.D. Of Edinburgh, but now at Bath.
The tribute of affection to the memory of the late Doctor Evans. : a discourse addressed to the Bristol Education Society, at their annual meeting In Broadmead, August the 22d, 1792. By T. Dunscombe. To which is added Dr. Evans's advice to the students, written and addressed to them in the year 1770.
A true copy of the remarkable last will and testament of Mr. Francis Bancroft : Citizen and Draper of London. In which are inserted the uncommon directions relating to his funeral. With a Particular Account of his Donations to the Drapers Company, for the Erecting and Endowing Alms-Houses, &amp;c.;
Dissertatio medica inauguralis, de rheumatismo. : Quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Gulielmi Robertson, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; Nec Non Amplissimi Senatus Academici consensu, Et nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae decreto, pro gradu doctoris, Summisque In Medicina Honoribus AC Privilegiis Rite ET Legitime Consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Andreas Inglis, Edinensis, Physicae Societatis Socius Honorarius. Ad diem 12. Septembris, hora locoque solitis.
Regulæ generales legendi linguam sanctam sine punctis Masoreticis. : Breviter, &amp; methodicè in usum tyronum propositæ, &amp; in Ordine Alphabetico expressae. A Davide Francisco Lates, Linguarum Italicae, Gallicae, Hispanae, Lusitanae, Hebr. &amp; in Musica Magistro &amp;c.; qui in Acad. Taurin. &amp; in Collegio Jesuitano Annos XXII Studiis operam dedit ; &amp; hasce Linguas Permissione Vice-Cancell. in Universitate Oxon. docet.
An appendix to the Answer to a book intituled A plain account of &amp;c.; [sic] the sacrament of the Lord's supper : In which the Author's Prayers annex'd to the said Book are fully examin'd, in order to shew, that the Principles upon which they are form'd, are Erroneous and False, and that their many Essential defects render them utterly unfit for the use of Christians. By Richard Warren D.D. Rector of Cavendish in Suffolk, and late Fellow of Jesus College in Cambridge.
A particular or inventory of the estate and effects of John Grigsby : Accomptant to the South-Sea Company, required by An Act, Entituled, An Act for Restraining the Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, Directors, Treasurer, or Cashier, Deputy-Cashier, and Accomptant of the South-Sea Company, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Tear ; and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament ; and for discovering their Estates and Effects ; and for preventing the Transporting or Alienating the same. Together with the Abstract of the same.
The noble and renowned history of Guy : Earl of Warwick: containing a full and true account of his many famous and valiant actions ; remarkable and brave Exploits ; and noble and renowned Victories. Also His Courtship to Fair Phaelice, Earl Roband's Daughter and Heiress ; and The many Difficulties and Hazards he went through, to obtain her Love. Extracted from authentic records ; and the whole illustrated with cuts suitable to the history.
A just and exact account taken out of the books of the several brickmakers, lime-burners, tilemakers, slaters, masons, and paviers, of the goods made, or brought in by them ... in the year 1711. in relation to the intended duties on bricks, lime, tiles &amp;c.; Humbly offer'd t the consideration of this Honourable House.
A sermon preached in Lambeth Chapel : at the consecration of the Right Rev. George Pretyman, D.D. Lord Bishop of Lincoln, on Sunday, March 11, 1787. By William Pearce, D.D. Public orator of the University of Cambridge. And Master of the Temple. Published by order of the Archbishop.
A treatise on Christian perfection. : In two parts. By an unworthy member of Jesus Christ.
Observations upon Scotch fisheries, emigrations : and the means of improving the Highlands and Isles. Offered To The Attention Of His Royal Highness The Prince Of Wales, Stewart Of Scotland And Lord Of The Isles. By Hugh Bell, Brewer, Burgess, And Guild Brother Of Edinburgh.
Encaustic, or, Count Caylus's method of painting in the manner of the ancients : to which is added a sure and easy method for fixing of crayons
Some particulars of the life of the late George Colman, Esq. Written by himself, and delivered by him to Richard Jackson, Esq. (one of his Executors,) for publication after his decease.
Texas Ethics Commission Advisory Opinions
New York State and Federal Criminal Trial Court Filings
Montana Bills Archives
United States Code Annotated 1995
Louisiana Bill Text Archives
Texas Environmental Law Administrative Decisions
Hints about business : a manual of business laws, customs, and methods, familiarly explained ; containing articles on contracts and agency, fac-simile forms of bills of lading, railroad receipts, inward foreign entry, bills of exchange, power of attorney, lease, notes, drafts, checks, receipts, bills, etc. ; also, a Treatise on the legal rights and liabilities of farmers
Louisiana Statutes 1995–Annotated
Federal Human Resources–OPM Compensation and Leave Decisions
Virginia Statutes (Michie) 1992–Annotated
Pennsylvania Labor and Employment Briefs Multibase
Oregon Statutes 1993–Annotated
Pennsylvania Real Property Briefs Multibase
North Carolina Bills Archives
Headline news, science views
Arizona Statutes 1997–Annotated
New Hampshire Statutes 1992–Annotated
Montana Statutes 1994–Annotated
Maine Statutes 1993–Annotated
South Carolina Statutes 1995–Annotated
South Dakota Securities Administrative Decisions
Wyoming Insurance Bulletins
Pennsylvania Personal Injury Briefs Multibase
Pennsylvania Insurance Briefs Multibase
Qubilah Shabazz Trial Transcripts and Documents
New Mexico Statutes 1994–Annotated
Dockets–California–Los Angeles County
Nevada Statutes (Michie) 1995–Annotated
Civil Rights Trial Filings
Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa–Treaty
Alabama Bill Text Archives
Wyoming Bills Archives
Department of the Interior–Secretary of the Interior Materials
Australian Corporations Law Media and Information Releases
Delaware Statutes 1993–Annotated
A selection of leading cases in equity : with notes
Some thoughts on the state of literary property : humbly submitted to the consideration of the public.
Amser a diwedd amser : yn ddau draethawd: ... A osodwyd allan gyntaf yn Saesonaeg gan John Fox. Ac a gyfieithiwyd yr awrhon i'r Gymraeg er daioni i'r Cymru.
Principles of the law of contracts as applied by courts of law
Red, white, &amp; blue.
An act for vesting of the settled estate of John Knowsley, and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of York, in trustees, to be conveyed ...
The law of executors and administrators : By Samuel Toller ...
Free and impartial thoughts, on the sovereignty of God, the doctrines of election, reprobation, and original sin: humbly addressed to all who believe and profess those doctrines.
A treatise on the law governing injunctions
Ongoing Feedback How to Get it, How to Use it
Economics for the Common Good Two Centuries of Economic Thought in the Humanist Tradition
Becoming a More Versatile Learner
Order of services of the eighth anniversary of the Children's Mission, held at the West Church, corner of Lynde and Cambridge Streets, Thursday, May 28, 1857.
Abner Kneeland's code of morals, philosophical creed, and declaration of character.
Guild, Church &amp; Co. Manufacturers of grand, square, &amp; upright piano fortes 175 B Tremont Street, Boston, Mass. ...
Fast-track business growth : smart strategies to grow without getting derailed
A voyage to Lethe : by Capt. Samuel Cock ; sometime commander of the good ship the Charming Sally. ...
A preface to an addition of the Westminster confession, &amp;c.; lately publish'd at Edinburgh. : Being a full and particular account of all the ends and uses of creeds and confessions of faith. ...
A Handbook of World Trade A Strategic Guide to Trading Internationally
Night thoughts ; on life, death, and immortality. To which is added. A paraphrase on part of the book of Job. By Edward Young, LL. D. With the life of the author.
On Their Own Terms : Science in China, 1550-1900
Improvisation and the Making of American Literary Modernism
A treatise on legacies, or, Bequests of personal property
Menschlich denken - Glauben begründen Blaise Pascal Und Religionsphilosophische Begrundungsmodelle Der Moderne
The whole trial of John the Painter, for setting fire to the rope-house at Portsmouth, which came on at the assizes held at Winchester, on Thursday last, the 6th of March, 1777.
One from Many VISA and the Rise of Chaordic Organization
Productivity and cyclicality in semiconductors : trends, implications, and questions : report of a symposium
Limbaugh and Weimer Nominations; Hearing before the Committee on Energy and National Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Congress First Session
Switching channels organization and change in TV broadcasting
First Nations of British Columbia : An Anthropological Survey
Zur Genealogie des Zivilisationsprozesses Friedrich Nietzsche und Norbert Elias
Mark-up of H.R. 2844, the Continuity in Representation Act of 2003 : hearing before the Committee on House Administration, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, November 19, 2003
Long-run economics of natural gas : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, October 7, 2004
Transforming Peasants, Property and Power The Collectivization of Agriculture in Romania, 1949-1962
Medicare discount drug card : measuring the savings : forum before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, September 23, 2004
Metonymie und Diskurskontinuität im Französischen
Judaic Spiritual Psychotherapy
The Human Tradition in the Atlantic World, 1500-1850
African Voices, African Lives Personal Narratives from a Swahili Village
Confronting the Nation's Water Problems: The Role of Research
Cal Wagner's Minstrels! Under the management of J.H. Haverly. ...
Legislation relating to the reform of the deposit insurance funds [BIF and SAIF] : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fou
Members' day : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, February 28, 2008
Violence, Scripture, and Textual Practice in Early Judaism and Christianity
A letter to the reverend the ministers of the Calvinistical Baptist persuasion : meeting at Blackwell's coffee-house, near Queen's-Street, London: remonstrating on the difference which has subsisted between that body and the author, since his professing the doctrine of one God and one mediator. Together with a proposal for accommodating that difference. By Sayer Rudd, M.D.
The works of Nicholas Machiavel : secretary of state of the republic of Florence. Translated from the Originals ; Illustrated with Notes, Annotations, Dissertations, And several New Plans on the Art of War, By Ellis Farneworth, M.A. Late Vicar of Rosthern in Cheshire, Translator of the Life of Pope Sixtus V. and Davilla's History of the Civil Wars of France. The Second Edition, Corrected. In Four Volumes.
A catalogue of above fifteen thousand volumes : In all Arts, Sciences, and every Branch of polite Literature, Many on Royal Paper, and in Morocco, and other elegant Bindings ; being the Stock of the late Mr. John Hildyard, deceased, with other Libraries purchased since. Among which are Biblia Polyglotta, 8 vols. Biblia Polyglotta, 8 vols. Lincis rubris. Buxtorsii Concordant. Bib. Heb. ... Stephani Thesaurus, 4 vols. Martinii Lexicon, 2 vols. Plutarchi Opera, 2 vols. Aristophanes, Kusteri. Euripides, Barnes. Platonis Opera, Serrani, 3 vols. Herodotus, Gronovii. Galeni Opera, 7 vols. Diogenes Laertius, Meibonaii. Virgilii Opera, Baskerville. Homeri Opera, Barnes, 2 vols. Homeri Opera, Clarke, 2 vols. Hist. D'angleterre, par M. Rapin, 10 tom. Ruins of Palmyra, Ruins of Balbec, fine Plates. Postlethwayt's Dictionary, 2 vols. Chambers's and Supplement, 4 vols. Johnson's Dictionary, 2 vols. Calmet's Dictionary of the Bible, 3 vols. Ainsworth's Dictionary, 2 vols. Rushworth's Hist. Collections, 8 vols. Rapin's History of England, 2 vols. Guthrie's and Ralph's, 5 vols. Kennet's, 3 vols. Tyrrel's, 5 vols. Drake's Antiquities of York. Thoresby's Leeds. Somner's Canterbury. Stukeley's Stonehenge. Maitland's History of Edinburgh. - History of Scotland, 2 vols. Antient Universal History, 21 vols. Modern Universal Hist. 3 vols. and 8 vols. Bp. Gibson's Camden, 2 vols. Bp. Gibson's Codex, 2 vols. Bacon's Works, 4 vols. Churchill's Voyages, 8 vols. Duncan's Caesar, fine Plates. Dugdale's Summons to Parliament. - Origines Juridiciales. - Hist. of St. Paul's, Hollar's Cuts Sir William Temple's Works, 2 vols. Ben. Jonson's Works, best Edition. System of Geography, 2 vols. Maps. Ware's Architecture Compleat Body of Husbandry Compleat Body of Gardening Swammerdam's Natural History of Insects ... Humphreys on the O. and N. Test, 3 vols. Burkit on the New Testament. Patrick, Lowth, and Whitby, 6 vols. Tillotson's Works, 3 vols. Barrow's Works, 2 vols. Bp. Hooper's Works. Taylor's Hebrew Concordance, 2 vols. Lord Sommers's Tracts, 12 vols. Harleian Miscellany, 8 vols. Astley's Voyages, 4 vols. Addison's Works, 4 vols. Sully's Memoirs, 3 vols. Davila's Civil Wars of France, 2 vols. Hampton's Polybius. Smollet's History of England, 4 vols. Cay's Statutes at large, 6 vols. Strange's Reports, 2 vols. Peere Williams's Reports. Besides a large Collection of other Reports and Law Books. Which will begin to be sold (the lowest Price printed in the Catalogue) on Wednesday, February 14, 1759, and continue on Sale till the Summer Assizes. By John Hinxman, Bookseller in Stonegate, York. Catalogues may be had of Messrs. R. and J. Dodsley, in Pall-Mall ; Messrs. Rivington and Fletcher, in Pater-Noster-Row ; Messrs. Whiston and White, in Fleet-Street ; and Mr. Payne, at the Mews-Gate, London. - Also of Mr. Fletcher, in Oxford. - Mr. Merrill, in Cambridge. - Messrs. Hamilton and Balsour, in Edinburgh. - All the Booksellers in the North of England, and at the Place of Sale. Price One Shilling, which will be return'd to any Gentleman who lays out Twenty.
Defences for Lieutenant Patrick Ogilvie, of Colonel Morris's regiment of foot, now prisoner in the tolbooth of Edinburgh, to the criminal libel, or indictment, pursued against him at the instance of his Majesty's Advocate.
A companion to the altar. Shewing the nature and necessity of a sacramental preparation : in Order to our Worthy Receiving the Holy Communion. Wherein Those Fears and Scruples about Eating and Drinking unworthily, and of incurring our own Damnation thereby, are proved groundless and unwarrantable. Unto which are Added, Prayers and Meditations preparative to a Sacramental Preparation, according to what the Church of England requires from her Communicants.
Remarks on some observations edited in "the British Critic" relative to a work, lately published, under the title of "literary antiquities of Greece:" tending to obviate some objections Proposed by the Critic ; and to introduce a number of additional circumstances, Calculated to Illustrate Still Further The History of Antient Egypt ; as well as that of The First Postidiluvian Ages. By Philip Allwood, A.M.
A compendious account of the controversy in the Associate Synod between the Rev. Adam Gib Minister in Edinburgh, and Michael Arthur Minister in Aberdeen, in Relation to The Commencement and Expiration of the Twelve Hundred and Sixty days of the Witnesses prophesying in sackcloth, or the Rise and Downfal of the Grand Antichrist ; -The Protestant Reformation ; -And the Breach in the Synod o casioned by a diversity of sentiments among Members about the religious part of the Burgess Oath ; and the subsequent Censures inflicted upon the Burgher Ministers, particularly the Higher Excommunication.
An estimate of the temperature of different latitudes. By Richard Kirwan, Esq. F.R.S. and Member of the Academies of Stockholm, Upsal, Dijon, Dublin, Philadelphia, &amp; c.
Lectures on the art of reading : First Part: Containing The Art of Reading Prose. By Thomas Sheridan, A.M. Author of Lectures on Elocution, British Education, &amp;c.;
The practice in civil actions and proceedings, in the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, and in the District Court and Court of Common Pleas for the city and county of Philadelphia, and also in the courts of the United States
Lectures on architecture. : Consisting of rules founded upon harmonick and arithmetical proportions in building. Design'd as an agreeable entertainment for gentlemen: and More Particularly Useful to all who make Architecture, or the Polite Arts, their Study. Read to a Society Establish'd for the Improvement of Arts and Sciences, and Explain'd by Examples on Copper Plates ; with the Proportions apply'd to Practice. By Robert Morris.
An essay towards a more easie and safe method of cure in the small pox. : Founded upon Experiments, and A Review of Dr. Sydenham's Works. To which is prefix'd so much of the Author's own case as relates to this Present Tract. By Walter Lynn, M.B.
Sermons for the general fast day. : By the Rev James Murray, of Newcastle. Author of Sermons to Asses, &amp;c.; &amp;c.;
Memoirs of the House of Brandenburg. : Containing, the history of that family, from the death of Frederick III. the first King of Prussia, to the death of Frederick-William, the present King's father. To which are added, Two Dissertations, I. On the Military State of Brandenburg, from its first Establishment to the Death of the late King. II. On the Ancient and Modern Government of Brandenburg. By His Prussian Majesty. Vol. II.
German politicks, or, the modern system examined and refuted : wherein the natural strength of Germany and France are compared ; The Nature of the Ballance of Power explained ; And our Inability to maintain, in our present Circumstances, a War on the Continent, is demonstrated. To which is added, a postscript.
The new Bath guide ; or, useful pocket companion : necessary for all persons residing at, or resorting to, this ancient and opulent city. Giving an account of the first discovery of its medicinal waters, by King Bladud ; The Nature and Efficacy of the Warm Baths, And the Rules for Bathing. The Virtues of the Bath Waters taken internally. Lists of the Medical Faculty residing at Bath. A Description of the Assembly-Rooms, Public Charities, Churches, Chapels, and other Edifices ; Also, A Correct Account of The Regulations the Chairmen are subject to, And their Fares to different Parts of the City. A Table of the going out and coming in of the Post, Machines, Waggons, Carriers, &amp;c.; The Principal Cross and Public Roads To different parts of the Kingdom: Directions for passing the Severn into Wales ; And many other Particulars worthy Observation. To which is added, The Life, Character, &amp;c.; of the late Richard Nash, Esq ; who presided over the Amusements of this City upwards of fifty Years.
An epistle from Lord L---l to Lord C---d. By Mr. P----.
Morris Brothers, Pell &amp; Trowbridge's Opera House. ... Jan. 20th, [1861] ...
Description of the cityhouse of Amsterdam : With an explication of the emblematical Figures, Painting, and Images, &amp;c.; which are within and without this glorious building.
A system of theology revealed from God by the angels in the British language : Wherein is disclosed the mysteries of the holy scriptures, and the true fundamentals of religion, being a lesson to the whole world. With many curious and occult things in church, state, and philosophy. All designed for the publick and universal good of mankind, and a general reformation of the present times. By Robert Browne. Sold at his house over against Mast Yard in Wapping ; and at Mr. Hunter's a Stocking Shop in Princes Street near Cavendish Square Mary-Bone.
The servant's directory : or house-keeper's companion: Wherein the Duties of the Chamber-Maid, Nursery-Maid, House-Maid, Landery-Maid, Scullion, or Under-Cook, Are fully and distinctly explained. To which is annexed a diary, or house-keeper's pocket-book for the whole year. With Directions for keeping Accounts with Tradesmen, and many other Particulars, fit to be known by the Mistress of a Family. By H. Glass, Author of The Art of Cookery made plain and easy.
Letters to John Bull, Esq., on lawyers and law reform
Ferishta's History of Dekkan : from the first Mahummedan conquests: a continuation from other native writers, of the events in that part of India, to the reduction of its last monarchs by the Emperor Aulumgeer Aurungzebe: also, the reigns of his successors in the Empire of Hindostan to the presen day: and the history of Bengal, from the accession of Aliverdee Khan to the year 1780. Comprised in six parts. By Jonathan Scott, Captain in the East India Company's Service, Persian Secretary to the Late Governor General, Warren Hastings, Esq ; and Member of the Asiatic Society in Calcutta. Two Volumes.
A handbook to the ancient courts of probate and depositories of wills
Allwydd y nêf, neu agoriad o'r porth, i'r bywyd tragwyddol: trwy weddiau duwiol, ar amryw achosion ; anghenrheidiol, a chyfaddas, i bob christion ffyddlon. O gasgliad D.P. Off. Superiorum Permissu.
Jolly sailor or the lady of Greenwich.
An account of the proceedings of the acting governors of the House of Industry. For two years.
A treatise on civil architecture : in which the principles of that art are laid down, and illustrated by a great number of plates, accurately designed, and elegantly engraved by the best hands. By William Chambers, Member of the Imperial Academy of Arts in Florence, and architect to their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and Princess Dowager of Wales.
Remarks on a late pamphlet entitled, Advice to the Patriot Club of the county of Antrim : in a letter from a member of that club to his friend in Dublin.
A catalogue of a most superb and distinguished collection of Italian, French, Flemish, and Dutch pictures, a selection formed with peculiar taste and judgment by John Trumbull, Esq. During his late Residence in Paris, From some of the most Celebrated Cabinets in France. Consisting of The undoubted Works of the following great Masters, in the highest State of Preservation: Raphael, Titian, Pordenone, Bassan, Spagnoletto, Guercino, Guido, Salvator Rosa, Murillo, Poussin, Rubens, V. Dyck, Teniers, Berghem, Wouvermans, Ger. Douw, Ch. V. Werff, Rembrandt, Vernet. Which will be sold by auction by Mr. Christie, At his Great Room in Pall Mall, on Friday, February 17th, 1797, and following Day, At One O'Clock.
Trinidad &amp; Tobago Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Concert at Franklin St. Congregational Church Church, Somerville ... Nov. 9, 1871. ...
Dagrau yr awen neu farwnad Lewis Hopcin Fardd, O Landyfodwg ym Morganwg, Iorwerth Gwilim O Dre-Fflemmin ym Morganwg a'i cant, 1772.
The pleader's guide : a didactic poem, in two books, containing the conduct of a suit at law, with the arguments of Counsellor Bother'um, and Counsellor Bore'um, in an action betwixt John-a-Gull, and John-a-Gudgeon, For Assault and Battery, at a late Contested Election. By the late John Surrebutter, Esq. Special Pleader, and Barrister at law.
[The eight volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv'd five and forty years undiscover'd at Paris : Giving an Impartial Account to the Divan at Constantinople, of the most remarkable Transactions of Europe ; And discovering several Intrigues and Secrets of the Christian Courts (especially of that of France) continued from the Year 1673, to the Year 1682. Written originally in Arabick, translated into Italian, from thence into English, by the Translator of the First Volume.
Saving the Deal How to Avoid Financing Fiascoes and Other Real Estate Deal Killers
Managing Risk and Creating Value with Microfinance
The Ethics of Foreign Policy
Australia Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Gender and Governance in Rural Services Insights from India, Ghana, and Ethiopia
Jamaica Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Comoros Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Djibouti Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Western Sahara Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Netherlands Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Heaven open to all men : or, a theological treatise, in which, without unsettling the practice of religion, is solidly prov'd, by scripture and reason, that all men shall be saved, or, made finally happy.
Philippines Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Russia Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
A Kindly Scrutiny of Human Nature Essays in Honour of Richard Slobodin
Turkmenistan Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
Venezuela Society &amp; Culture Complete Report An All-Inclusive Profile Combining All of Our Society and Culture Reports
The history of the Fleet marriages : with some account of the wardens of the prison, the parsons, and their registers : to which are added notices of the May Fair, Mint, and Savoy chapels, and numerous extracts from the registers
To the President and people of the United States : I here present to you what I deem important political disclosures of a standing foreign policy, designed to prostrate the power of these United States. No. 2. (Note--"No. 1," was published on the 17th of August, 1850.) Augusta, Ga., January 1st, 1860. I enclose in this circular to you "The Shade of Washington, no. 1," as the lapse of time since its publication may have obliterated its contents from your mind, and also to the better understanding of this, "no. 2," written in haste ; but "no. 3" will contain all the particulars to a complete understanding of the Secret Ecclesiastical Council of England's actions and modes of acting heretofore in other countries. ...
Investing in Hospitals of the Future
The pleasant history of Jack Horner. : Being a truly instructive, pleasant, and delightful entertainment for youth.
The sources of the law of England : an historical introduction to the study of English law
The anti-Jacobin : or weekly examiner. In two volumes. ...
Merlinus liberatus : an almanack for the year of our blessed Saviour's incarnation 1721. ... By John Partridge.
Reflections on the present low price of coarse wools, its immediate causes, and its probable remedies. By Josiah Tucker, D.D. Dean of Gloucester. Tros, Tyriusve Mihi Nullo Discrimine Habetur.
The business man's assistant : containing useful forms of legal instruments ... adapted to the wants of business men throughout the United States
Managers--N.F. Gates &amp; Co. ... Wonderful success!! Of the grand national drama!! ... May 4th, [1853] ...
Introduction to American law : designed as a first book for students
1.25 Alpaca coats worth $2. Eiseman Bros. Cor. Seventh and E Sts.
Liberty and law, or, Outlines of a new system for the organization and administration of federative government
Two epistles : one, to the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Burlington ; the other, to a lady. By Mr. Gay.
Introduction to American law : designed as a first book for students
Field's Lawyers' briefs : consisting of treatises on every important legal subject, alphabetically arranged
Reflections on the present matters in dispute between Great Britain and Ireland : and on the means of converting these articles into mutual benefits to both kingdoms. By Josiah Tucker, D.D. Dean of Gloucester.
The oeconomy of health.
Sermons to doctors in divinity : to which are subjoined, Lectures to lords spiritual, or, an advice to the bishops. and, a sermon on self defence. &amp;c.; By the late Mr. James Murray, of Newcastle.
Sure methods of attaining a long and healthful life : Written originally in Italian, by Lewis Cornaro ... Translated into English by W. Jones A.B.
Two chapters in the law of torts
A practical guide to the duties of churchwardens in the execution of their office : with lists of cases, statutes, canons, &amp;c.;, an appendix and index
Howard Athenæum. : Sole lessee--Mr. W. Palmer ... On Thursday evening, Sept. 21st, 1854, will be acted the thrilling historical drama of La tour de Nesle! or The dark gondola! ... To be followed with Jumbo Jum! ... The whole to conclude with the laughable farce of A kiss in the dark! ...
Howard Athenæum. : Lessee, --Henry Willard ... Benefit of Mrs. Anna Cora Mowatt! ... On Friday evening, May 26th, 1854, will be performed, Mrs. Anna Cora Mowatt's beautiful play, entitled Armand! or The peer and the peasant! ... To conlude with the laughable farce of The married rake. ...
The principles of bankruptcy : embodying the Bankruptcy acts, 1883 and 1890, and the leading cases thereon, part of the Debtors Act, 1869, the Bankruptcy Appeals (County Courts) Act, 1884, the Bankruptcy (Discharge and Closure) Act, 1887, the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888 ...
Effigies amoris in English : or the picture of love unveil'd.
Trial evidence : the rules of evidence applicable on the trial of civil actions (including both causes of action and defenses) at common law, in equity and under the codes of procedure
Observations on the nature and results of the legal principles asserted in the Lady Hewley &amp; Wolverhampton cases.
The Historical magazine, and notes and queries concerning the antiquities, history &amp; biography of America. : This magazine was commenced in January, 1857 ...
An appeal for the Union
The schoole of pollicie: or The araignement of state-abuses Directing magistrates, adorning the court, and beautifying the whole common-wealth
A contrite and humble heart. with motives and considerations to prepare it
Levels of Linguistic Adaptation Selected papers from the International Pragmatics Conference, Antwerp, August 1987. Volume 2: Levels of Linguistic Adaptation
Charles by the grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &amp;c.;, to all and singular archbishops, bishops, archdeacons, deanes, and their officials ... whereas by the humble supplication and petition of the
A narrative written by E. Settle
The hystory of Syr Isebras Sir Isumbras
An Answer to the Mantuan, or, False character lately wrote against womankind
The Levellers vindication or, a tragicall story, presented unto this common-vvealth, city, and army: together with a letter directed to his Excellency, and the Councell of Warre sitting at White-Hall, concerning the great cruelty and oppression still
Praedictio astrologica. The great and vvonderfull prognostication, for the yeare of our Lord 1598. Written by Rodulphus Grapheus Doctor of Phisick in the Towne of Deuenter. Translated out of Dutch into English by W. P
The rattling of the dry bones or, a sermon preached in the night time at Chapel-Yard in the parish of Carluke. Clydsdale May 1672. By Master Michael Bruce
Osborne, 1626 a new almanacke and prognostication, for the yeare of our Lord God, 1626, being the 2. after leap- yeare : calculated for the meridian of the most worthy and famous shire-towne of Kingston vpon Hull, where the Pole Articke is eleuated 53
Migration to WebSphere Business Integration Message Broker V5
Thesaurus geographicus a new body of geography, or, A compleat description of the earth ... collected ... by several hands : with an alphabetical table of the names of places
Treating Tobacco Dependence in Vulnerable Populations
Empires at War A Short History of Modern Asia Since World War II
The Famous victorie obtained by Sir VVilliam VValler against the Lord Herbert and the Welch cavaliers in the forrest of Deane in the county of Gloucester, where six hundred of the Welchmen were slaine, and a thousand taken prisoners by the Parliaments
Mercvrivs pacificvs, or, Vox tvrtvris. A dove in this deluge of division sent from Gods arke, to present a peace-offering upon the altar of Iehovah Shalom, humbly proposing a divine direction for composing of controversies according to Gods revealed
The Voyages &amp; travels of that renowned captain, Sir Francis Drake, into the West-Indies, and round the world giving a perfect relation of his strange adventures, and many wonderful discoveries, his fight with the Spaniard, and many barbarous nations
Reasons against agreement with a late printed paper, intituled Foundations of freedome, or, The agreement of the people whereby it doth appear that the particulars proposed in the said paper are not foundations of freedom but of tyranny and slavery to
Troposchematologiae rhetoricae libri duo Quaestionibus &amp; responsionibus concinnati, notis identidem brevioribus illustrati, atque in scholaticae juventutis usum adornati. Auctore Guilielmo Walker, S.T.B. publicae olim scholae Regis Edvardi Sexti apud
The unfortunate couple; or, The unkind father being a true relation of a squire's son, who having married his father's maid against his consent, was reduced to such great necessity, that his young wife died for greif, and his father denying him releif
[It was enacted that no person or persons whatsoever from and after [...] the [...] day of [...] One Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty One
Magick &amp; astrology vindicated from those false aspersions and calumnies, which the ignorance of some hath cast upon them. In which is contained true definitions of the said arts, and the justification of their practise, proved by the authority of
Statuta legenda in admissione inceptorum in jure civili, ad quorum observationem singuli tenentur virtute juramenti Statutes
A sermon preached in Oxon: the 5. of November. 1607. By John Kinge Doctor of Divinity, Deane of Christ Church, and Vicechancellor of the Vniversity
A persuasive from the creatures to a perfect resignation of the will to God's. By B. Pratt, of Merton Coll. Oxon
Determinationes quaestionum quarundam theologicarum, per reverendissimum virum Ioann. Davenantium, nunc Episcopum Sarisburiensem, ante aliquot annos in celeberrima Academia Cantabrigiensi Theologiae Professorem pro Domina Margareta, public
Our Lord his line of fathers from Adam, and his predecessours in the kingdome from Salomon to Iechonias, in whome ended the house: and from Abiud to Ioseph the husband of Marie: with fit notation of their names
The gouernment of cattell Diuided into three books. The first, entreating of oxen, kine and calues: and how vse buls, and other cattell to the yoke or fell. The second, discoursing of the gouernment of horses, with approued medicines against most
Orationum Marci Tul. Ciceronis. Volumen secundum, a Ioan. Michaele Bruto emendatum. Accesserunt breues animaduersiones ex doctissimorum hominum commentarijs, quibus ita loci permulti explicantur, vt vulgo receptae lectionis vbique ratio habeatur. Quos
Half a sheet of Mr. Humfrey's, in pursuance of pacification Gospel truth stated
Reasons for a general liberty to all clothiers to sell their cloath when, where, and as they please. Against the restrictions and designed alterations of the methods of trade in the woollen manufacture, in a bill now depending in Parliament, for the
Movable Type 3 Bible
The triumph of faith a funeral sermon preached to a church of Christ, at the Meeting-House in Bartholomew-Close, London, January 16, 1697
Speciall newes from the army at Warwicke since the fight: sent from a minister of good note, to an alderman here in London: wherein is related the names of such that are slain and taken prisoners of both sides: and also the comming of the Marquesse of
Verney papers : notes of proceedings in the Long Parliament, temp. Charles I. : printed from the original pencil memoranda taken in the House
A touch-stone for a Christian Wherein is shewed, how a man may know, whether he be the Temple of the Holy Ghost, hath a sauing faith, be the childe of God, hath truly repented, and (in one word) be a Christian in deed, or in name onely. By Thomas Broade
White 1699 a new almanack for the year of our Lord God 1699, and the year from the worlds creation, 5648, being the third from bissextile, or leap-year : calculated for the meridian of Todington in Bedfordshire ... and may serve for all parts of
Testament Newydd ein harglwydd a'n hiachawdr Jesu Grist Bible. N.T. Welsh
An historical account of making the penal laws by the papists against the Protestants, and by the Protestants against the papists wherein the true ground and reason of making the laws is given, the papists most barbarous usuage [sic] of the Protestants
Aviation and Climate Change
A plain and easie calculation of the [brace] name, mark, and number of the name [brace] of the beast. Wherein these three points are declared: first, the name (in the apocalyptical style) is no other, but the universal headship of the beast, opposed to
The Queens closet opened being incomparable secrets in physick, chyrurgery, preserving, and candying &amp;c.; which were presented to the Queen
Act allowing Irish Protestants to return to Ireland. Edinburgh, the 16th of August, 1689
The tenth muse lately sprung up in America or severall poems, compiled with great variety of vvit and learning, full of delight. Wherein especially is contained a compleat discourse and description of the four elements, constitutions, ages of man
The devils cabinet-councell. Discovered or the mistery and iniquity of the good old cause. Laying open all the plots and contrivances of O. Cromwell, and the Long Parliament, in order to the taking avvay the life of his late Sacred Maiesty of blessed
A prophesie of the last day to be revealed in the last times and then the cutting off the church, and of the redemption out of hell : the word of God
Quadriennium Jacobi, or, The history of the reign of King James II from his first coming to the crown to his desertion. History of the reign of King James II
The case of the Irish Protestants in relation to recognising, or swearing allegiance to, and praying for King William and Queen Mary, stated and revised
A health to all vintners, beer-brewers and ale-tonners, tapsters, bezlors, carrowsers, and wine-bibbers, bench-whistlers, lick-wimbles, down-right drunkards, pety drunkards; Bacchus boyes, roaring-boyes, Bachanalians, taverne antients, captaine
The eagle-trussers elegie a tract bewailing the losse of that incomparable generalissimo Gustavus Adolphus, the great King of Sweden, who after manifold and glorious victories left his life also triumphantly and laureated at the famous Battle of Lutzen
A treatise vpon John 8. 36 concerning Christian libertie The chiefe points whereof were deliuered in a sermon preached at Pauls Crosse, Nouemb. 6. 1608. By George Dovvname Doctor of Diuinitie
An extract of the Whole Charge contain'd in ye establishm[en]t of their Ma[jes]ties household &amp; stables
[The magistrates scripture
The history of the campagne in the Spanish Netherlands, Anno Dom. 1694 with the journal of the siege of Huy
Conceptions of Assessment Understanding What Assessment Means to Teachers and Students
A curb for Pegasus, or, Observations on The observator. Number 10. Dated Munday July 6th. 1696. : In relation to the people called Quakers. Observations on The observator
A true and impartial account of their Majesties army in Ireland. [Disc]overing the designs of the late K. James, and the French army, [si]nce the embarking and landing of His Grace the Duke of [S]chonberg, to this present time; with the particulars of
A plaine refutation of M. Giffards booke, intituled, A short treatise gainst the Donatistes of England Wherein is discouered 1 the forgery of the vvhole ministerie, 2 the confusion, 3 false vvorship, 4 and antichristian disorder, of these parish
His Majesties most gracious speech together with the Lord Chancellors, to both Houses of Parliament, on Munday the 21 of October, 1678
A letter of His Excellency Thomas Lord Fairfax, to the Right Honorable, the Lord Major of the City of London, for the better preserving a right understanding between the City and Army. With an order of His Excellency to Col: Dean, to march into the City
A particular charge or impeachment, in the name of His Excellency Sir Thomas Fairfax, and the army under his command. Against Denzill Hollis Esq; Sir Philip Stapleton. Sir William Lewis. Sir John Clotworthy. Sir William VValler. Sir John Maynard
The last lamentation, of the languishing Squire: or, Love overcomes all things. To the tune of Billy and Molly: or, Jockey's jealousie. Licensed according to order. Billy and Molly. Jockey's jealousie
Incipiunt opera super co[n]stitutiones prouinciales [et] Othonis Constitutiones provinciales ecclesiae Anglicanae
The renowned history of Fragosa, King of Aragon, and his three sonnes, or, The mirrour magnamity, and Cupid's conquest shewing the strange adventures, heroical exploits, and admirable atchievements, of the three magnanimous princes, Dorosa, Feraro, and
An act for continuing the assessment of ninety thousand pounds per mensem for three moneths longer; viz. from the 29. of September, 1649. to the 29 of December following. Laws, etc
The great Plantagenet. Or, A continued succession of that royall name, from Henry the Second, to our sacred soverainge King Charles. By Geo. Buck, Gent.. Daphnis polystephanos. Eclog between Damaetas a woodman, and Silenus a prophet of the shepheards
Christian liberty not to be abused, or, Antient and primitive truth correcting some modern, or new abuses, of that which is so much pleaded for, and so little understood, viz. Christian liberty in a sermon preached in the church of Bridport within the
A sermon preached in St. Maries Church in Dover, June the first, 1694 before the right honourable Henry Earl of Romney, being the day in which he entered upon the office of constable of Dover-Castle and Lord Warden of Cinque-ports
An act for prohibiting foreign leather in Venice. Translated from Italian. Laws, etc
Haec homo wherein the excellency of the creation of woman is described, by way of an essay. By William Austin Esquire
Act anent the excise
Academiae Glasguensis charisterion ad augustissimum monarcham Carolum Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, et Hiberniae, Regem, fidei defensorem, &amp;c.; cùm ex Anglia profectus in Scotiae regnum solenni ritu inauguraretur. 18. Iunii, anno aerae Christianae 1633
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, for the raising of 66666 l. 13 s. 4 d. by way of loane, for the better enabling of our brethern of Scotland for our assistance and defence in this common cause of our religion and liberty
A peaceable enquiry into the nature of the present controversie among our united brethren about justification. by Stephen Lobb
A maske presented at Ludlow Castle, 1634 on Michaelmasse night, before the Right Honorable, Iohn Earle of Bridgewater, Vicount Brackly, Lord Praesident of Wales, and one of His Maiesties most honorable Privie Counsell. Comus
An Humble motion made in the time of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, to the honourable lords of Her Majesties privie councell, for the reforming of ecclesiasticall discipline and church government after the Word of God wherein is shewed how the livings
The Advice
Combustion Synthesis of Advanced Materials
By the King a proclamation declaring His Maiesties pleasure, concerning the proceedings had, and to be had, against popish recusants, according to the lawes, and for directions to His Maiesties commissioners for that seruice, both in the southerne and
The second part of the booke of Christian exercise appertaining unto resolution, or, A Christian directory guiding all men to their salvation written by the former author, R.P. Christian directory guiding all men to their salvation Booke of Christian
Pierides, or, The muses mount by Hugh Crompton, Gent
Cisco IP routing protocols troubleshooting techniques
Angliae speculum morale The moral state of England, with the several aspects it beareth to virtue and vice : with The life of Theodatus, and three novels, viz. The land-mariners, Friendship sublimed, The friendly rivals
The princess of Cleve the most famed romance
An apology unto the honorable and other the honored and worthy officers of his Excellencies the Lord Generals Army, by Lieut. Col. John Jubbes. Touching his proceeding in a paper (called, Proposals for peace and freedom, offered from many worthy
Catalogus librorum tam impressorum quam manuscriptorum, quos ex Roma, Venetiis, aliisque Italiae locis, selegit Robertus Martine Bibliopola Londinensis. Apud quem vaeneunt in coemiterio Divi Pauli
A bright starre, leading to, &amp; centering in, Christ our perfection. Or a manuell, entituled by the authour thereof, the third part of the Rule of perfection Wherein such profound mysteries are revealed, such mysterious imperfections discovered, with
Brovvne his fiftie yeares practice. Or An exact discourse concerning snafflle-riding [sic], for trotting and ambling of all manner of horses whatsoeuer, from one degree to another, till they be perfit both for the trot and amble A subiect, neuer as yet
Advice to a wavering friend
z/OS version 1 release 5 implementation
The speech of the Right Honourable Henry Powle, Esq., speaker of the House of Commons, on Wednesday, the first of May, 1689 at the passing of two bills, entituled, I. An act for raising money by a poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland
The Gregorian account, or, The spiritual watch a sermon preached to the society of the Gregories dwelling in and about the city of London and assembled in the Church of St. Michael Cornhill, June 19, 1673
The most wonderful and pleasaunt history of Titus and Gisippus whereby is fully declared the figure of perfect frendshyp, drawen into English metre. By Edwarde Lewicke. Anno. 1562. Decamerone
Guilielmi Blaeu Institutio astronomica de usu globorum &amp; sphaerarum caelestium ac terrestrium duabus partibus adornata. Una, secundum hypothesin Ptolemaei, per terram quiescentem. Altera, juxta mentem N. Copernici per terram mobilem. Latinè reddita
Directions for brewing malt liquors. Shewing, what care is to be taken in the choice of water, malt, and hops: and in what proportions they are to be mixed, and how boyled and fermented, for making the best March, or October beer, strong ale, &amp;c.; In a
The folly of atheism, and (what is now called) deism, even with respect to the present life a sermon preached in the Church of St. Martin in the Fields, March the VII, 1691/2 : being the first of the lecture founded by the Honourable Robert Boyle
A declaration of the proceedings in the Parliament of Scotland. Expressing 1. The cause of their delay. 2. The election of officers of state. 3. Their choyse of the Lord Chancellor deserted. 4. His Majesties confirming of acts past. 5. Three acts, 1
Using WebSphere Studio Device Developer to Build Embedded Java Applications
Gods rising, his enemies scattering; delivered in a sermon before the Honourable House of Commons, at their solemne fast, 26. Octob. 1642. But, through many occasions and hinderances, not printed till this 25. of May 1644. By Thomas Case, preacher, at
By the Queene. The Queenes Maiesty vnderstanding of the common wandring abroad of a great multitude of her people, whereof the most part pretend, that they haue serued in the warres of late on the other side of the seas ... Proclamations. 1591-11-05
The envious man's character a sermon preached at S. Mary's Church in Cambridge
IBM eServer xSeries 455 Planning and Installation Guide
Drivers and Restraints for Economically Efficient Farm Production
Tvventy nine lectures of the Church very necessary for the consolation and support of Gods Church, especially in these times: wherein is handled, first, in generall concerning first, the name; secondly, the titles; thirdly, the nature, fourthly, the
The Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament do declare, that by reason of the extraordinary and important affairs of the kingdom, there will be no proceedings this next Easter-term
His Majesties declaration concerning leavies. Charles R. Our expresse pleasure is, that this our declaration be published in all churches and chappells within the kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, by the parsons, vicars or curates of the same
America Walks into a Bar A Spirited History of Taverns and Saloons, Speakeasies and Grog Shops
Adaptability : the art of winning in an age of uncertainty
Culture Works Space, Value, and Mobility Across the Neoliberal Americas
Evaluation for Risk of Violence in Adults
Slave Songs of the United States
Frontiers in Development Policy A Primer on Emerging Issues
Sexual Selection and the Origins of Human Mating Systems
The Experience of a Slave in South Carolina
Hyperides Funeral Oration
Aristotle's master-piece compleated in two parts: the first containing the secrets of generation, in all the parts thereof. Treating, of the benefit of marriage, and the prejudice of unequal matches, signs of insufficiency in men or women; of the
The Civil War in the West Victory and Defeat from the Appalachians to the Mississippi
Migraine and Headache
Chelmno and the Holocaust A History of Hitler's First Death Camp
A Mountain of Paper The Extraordinary Diary of Leonard James Arrington
Shakespeare and the Middle Ages
How to Read the Qur'an A New Guide, with Select Translations
Supreme Decisions, Combined Volume Great Constitutional Cases and Their Impact
Aristotle's Metaphysics Beta Symposium Aristotelicum
Developing Public Private Partnerships in Liberia
Pansy's History The Autobiography of Margaret E. P. Gordon, 1866-1966
Sexual Revolutions in Cuba Passion, Politics and Memory
The Red and the Real An Essay on Color Ontology
Reflexive Governance for Global Public Goods
Prehistory, Personality, and Place : Emil W. Haury and the Mogollon Controversy
Experience of Rev. Thomas H. Jones, Who Was a Slave for Forty-Three Years Written by a Friend, as Related to Him by Brother Jones
The North American Idea A Vision of a Continental Future
A Primer in Social Choice Theory (Revised Edition)
In the Bee Latitudes
The Order of services for the installation of Rev. Asarelah M. Bridge, as colleague pastor of the Unitarian Society in Bernardston, Wednesday, Feb. 18, 1846.
Soap fat man. : Air--Bowld [i.e. Bold] Irishman.
A treatise of the law relative to merchant ships and seamen : in four parts ...
Boston Museum ... Third week of the grand scenic play, Valentine &amp; Orson ... December 7th, [1855] ...
A new edition, corrected to the 15th of January, of the Royal Kalendar ; or complete and correct annual register for ... 1778.
The braes o'Gleniffer. To which are added, the cogie. The sprig of Shilela and shamrock so green. Nothing at all. And Jockey to the fair.
The scripture doctrine, concerning predestination, election, and reprobation : Extracted from a late author. By John Wesley ...
Thespians! ... Town Hall, Claremont, on Thursday and Friday evenings, Aug. 26th &amp; 27th, 1869 ... The evening's entertainment will commence with the romantic drama, in 3 acts, entitled Nobody's child ... To conclude with the farce, in 1 act, of Nan, the good-for-nothing! ...
The annual register : or a view of the history, politicks, and literature, for the year 1765.
Aretin : a dialogue on painting. From the Italian of Lodovico Dolce.
Proceedings of the session of Broadway Tabernacle, against Lewis Tappan, with the action of the Third Presbytery of New-York and General Assembly. : New York, no. 143 Nassau Street, June 29th, 1839.
National prohibition : the Volstead Act annotated and digest of national and state prohibition decisions with forms.
Account of the discovery of a new comet By Miss Caroline Herschel. In a letter to Sir Joseph Banks ... From the Philosophical transactions.
Arcadia ; or the shepherd's wedding : a dramatic pastoral. As it is performed at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane. By Mr. Lloyd. The music composed by Mr. Stanley.
Compliments of S.E. Harthan, proprietor. Steam yacht Zephyr. Waushacum Lake and Park. ... During Camp Meeting week. Do not fail to visit the beautiful Waushacum Lake and park before returning home, and enjoy a delightful sail ...
The second part of the Institutes of the laws of England : containing the exposition of many ancient and other statutes
Histoire de Fréderic Guillaume Roi de Prusse, par l'auteur des Mémoires de Brandenbourg.
War cyclopedia : a handbook for ready reference on the great war
A supplement to the last edition of the Concise, practical abridgment of the common and statute law as at present administered ...
Fear God. Honour the King A sermon, preached at the Methodist chapel, in Stockport, January 24, 1796. By Jeremiah Brettell.
Observations on the cure of wounds Vide Clare's Essay on the art of healing.
A treatise on testimony under S347, Civil Practice Act, formerly S829, Code of Civil Procedure
The Crawford divorce case : containing important facts disclosed since the trial.
Constitutional law : being a view of the practice and jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, and of constitutional points decided
The United States criminal calendar, or, An awful warning to the youth of America : being an account of the most horrid murders, pirac[i]es, highway robberies, &amp;c.; &amp;c.;
A week's conversation on the plurality of worlds. : By Monsieur Fontenelle. Translated from the last Paris edition, wherein are many improvements throughout ; and some new observations on several Discoveries which have been lately made in the Heavens. By William Gardiner, Esq ; The second edition. To which is added, Mr. Secretary Addison's Oration, made at Oxford, in defense of the new philosophy.
A short sketch of the history and principles of marine insurance
To-day and to-morrow.
Letters of Chauncey Wright : with some account of his life
Italian opera. : Howard Athenæum. Second night of the subscription season! ... On Friday even'g, Feb. 23, 1849, will be presented with new costumes and properties, Donizetti's grand opera, Lucrezia Borgia ...
Virtue in a cottage : or, a mirror for children in humble life.
Letters addressed to His Highness the Prince of ***** : containing, comments on the writings of the most eminent authors, who have been accused of attacking the Christian religion. By M. Voltaire. A new translation.
The Iliad : of Homer. Translated from the Greek. By Alexander Pope Esq.
Physical and industrial training of criminals
A compleat vindication of the licensers of the stage, from the malicious and scandalous aspersions of Mr. Brooke ... With a proposal for making the office of licenser more extensive and effectual. By an impartial hand.
Entertainment by St. John's Sunday School, assisted by the orchestra of the Worcester Conservatory of Music ... Mechanics Hall ... May 28, 1873. ...
The fellow that looks like me! : As sung by Tony Pastor with great applause.
Cleone. a tragedy. As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Covent-Garden. Written by R. Dodsley.
Catalogus vniuersalis pro nundinis Francofurtensibus vernalibus, anni M.DC.XX. Hoc est: designatio omnium librorum, qui hisce nundinis vernalibus, vel noui, vel emendatiores &amp; auctiores prodierunt.. Catalogus universalis pro nundinis Francofurtensibus
The benefit of marriage. Or, The married mans good fortune, with his counsel to young batchelors. Who having tasted of that sweet content which wedlock doth afford, is fully bent to praise good women, giving them their due, yet speaks no more then what
Seynt Barbara Saint Barbara
Pamela : a comedy. As it is perform'd gratis, at the late theatre in Goodman's-Fields.
Iniunctions giuen by the Queenes Maiestie Anno Dom. 1559. The first yeere of the raigne of our soueraign Lady Queene Elizabeth. Cum priuilegio Regiae Maiestatis. Injunctions. 1600
A letter sent from the Right Honorable Robert Earle of Warwik, admirall of the sea; to Mr. Iohn Pim, Esquire; and by him presented by both House of Parliament, Iuly 6, 1642. Mercurii, 6 Iulii. 1642. Ordered by the Lords in Parliament, that this letter
A short introduction of grammar, generally to be used compiled and set forth for the bringing up of all those that intend to attain to the knowledge of the Latin tongue ; to which are added useful observations by way of comment out of ancient and late
A defence of the sacrifice of the masse. Made and set furthe by mayster Rycharde Smythe doctour in diuinite, and reader of the kynges hghnes lesson of diuinite in his maiesties vniversite of Oxforde. Wherein are diuerse doubtes opened ouer and aboue the
A looking-glasse for women, or, A spie for pride: shewing the unlawfulnesse of any outward adorning of any attire of haire, either in laying forth the haire, or in crisping of the haire, or in broidered haire in all women, but especially in godly women
A fight at sea famously fought by the Dolphin of London against fiue of the Turkes men of warre, and a satty the 12. of Ianuary last 1616. being all vessells of great burthen, and strongly mand. Wherein is shewed the noble worth and braue resolution of
An answere vnto the confutation of Iohn Nichols his recantation, in all pointes of any weight conteyned in the same especially in the matters of doctrine, of purgatorie, images, the Popes honor, and the question of the Church. By Dudley Fenner, Minister
The proceedings of the Grisons, in the yeere 1618 VVherein are truely and cleerely laid open the lawfull and vrgent causes of calling an assembly of the commons: and of their due proceeding and honourable prosecution of iustice, which they were enforced
The unspotted high-court of justice erected and discovered in three sermons preached in London and other places by Thomas Baker
Divine and politike observations nevvly translated out of the Dutch language, vvherein they vvere lately divulged. Upon some lines in the speech of the Arch. B. of Canterbury, pronounced in the Starre-Chamber upon 14. June, 1637. Very expedient for
Institutio grammaticae puerilis, or, The rudiments of the Latin and Greek tongues fitted to childrens capacities, as an introduction to larger grammars
Mr. Wadsworth's legacy, being his Serious exhortation to an holy life or, A plea for the absolute necessity of inherent righteousness in those that hope to be saved Wherunto is now added an elegy on the author's death
A declaration of Sir John Gaire Lord Mayor· Alderman Langham Alderman Adams Alderman Bunce Sheriff Cullam. With others imprisoned by the authorities of the Parliament and the Army
A general mistake co[r]rected, or, The vindiction of the right honourable the Countess Dowager of Essex and the bishop of Salisbury in the gazette of the 31st of July last : no argument against, but for the truth of the murder of that great patriot
Englands congratulatorie entertainment, of His Maiestie out of Sccotland [sic], and his welcome to London
For VVhitsontyds last feast: the present, 1645
A treatise of libertie from Iudaisme, or An acknowledgement of true Christian libertie, indited and published by Iohn Traske: of late stumbling, now happily running againe in the race of Christianitie
The greatest sinners exhorted and encouraged to come to Christ, and that now without delaying. Also, the exceeding danger of men's deferring their repentance. Together with a discourse about the day of judgement. And on several other subjects
A monumental columne, erected to the liuing memory of the euer-glorious Henry, late Prince of Wales. . . By Iohn Webster Three elegies
De corpore politico. Or The elements of lavv, moral &amp; politick. With discourses upon several heads; as of the law of nature. Oathes and covenants. Severall kind of government. With the changes and revolutions of them
Two centuries of epigrammes. VVritten by Iohn Heath, Bachelour of Arts, and fellow of New Colledge in Oxford
An exact and true relation of the dangerous and bloody fight, between His Majesties army, and the Parliaments forces, neer Kyneton in the county of Warwick, the 23 of this instant October. Sent in a letter to Iohn Pym Esquire, a member of the House of
A sermon preach'd at the coronation of King George, in the abbey-church of Westminster, October the 20th, 1714 : By the Right Reverend Father in God William Lord Bishop of Oxford. Publish'd by His Majesty's special command.
His Majesties Revenue for the year ended at Michas 1687 To Neat Receipts over &amp; above wt. pd. for Managemt. as by ye sev.ll Certificates thereof P Contra. His Majesties Expence for the same year By paymts as prespective Certificates thereof vizt. Dr
To the Kings most excellent Majesty. The humble petition of many thousands faithfull and peaceably affected subjects of the county of Yorke, who are here now assembled. Humble petition of many thousands faithfull and peaceably affected subjects of the
A brief survey of the Lord of Derry his Treatise of schism wherein he intends to cleare the Protestant Church from schism, and to lay the fault upon the Roman Church
A true copie of the Berkshire petition: which after a moneths attendance, the House would not permit to be brought in. Fiat justitia, &amp; ruat mundus. Arise, ô God, judge thou the earth. Together with a copie of many of those petitioners their
An excellent and a right learned meditacion, compiled in two prayers most frutefull and necessary to be vsed and said of al ttue [sic] English men, in these daungerous daies of affliction, for the comfort and better stay of the christen co[n]science
A treatise of humilitie composed by the Reuerend Father F. Alfonso Rodriguez of the Societie of Iesus. Translated into English Ejercicio de perfección y virtudes cristianas
The Vertues of coffee set forth in the works of [brace] the Lord Bacon his Natural hist., Mr. Parkinson his Herbal, Sir George Sandys his Travails, James Howel Esq. his Epistles
The almost Christian discovered, or, The false professor tried and cast being the substance of seven sermons, first preached at Sepulchres, London, 1661
Nomothetes, the interpreter containing the genuine signification of such obscure words and terms used either in the common or statute lawes of this realm
A full account from Ireland, of the maid at Dublin miraculously struck by the hand of heaven, and burning by a supernatural fire; in which deplorable condition she still continues: with her penitent behaviour and discourses since the recovery of her
Vinetum Britannicum, or, A treatise of cider, and other wines and drinks extracted from fruits growing in this kingdom with the method of propagating all sorts of vinous fruit-trees : and a description of the new-invented ingenio or mill ... : to which
The Christians hope. : Air, Auld lang syne[.].
Cerevisiarii comes, or, The new and true art of brewing, illustrated by various examples in making beer, ale and other liquors, so that they may be most durable, brisk and fragrant and how they may be so ordered, as to yeild the greatest quantity of
An advertisement to the Parliament of England, from many grave, learned, and pious divines beyond the seas, in the yeare 1572. Declaring the many and great grievous errours at that present in the discipline and government of the English church, as also
A survey of the estate of France, and of some of the adjoyning ilands taken in the description of the principal cities, and chief provinces, with the temper, humor, and affections of the people generally, and an exact accompt of the publick government
The gentleman's recreation in four parts, viz. hunting, hawking, fowling, fishing : wherein these generous exercises are largely treated of, and the terms of art for hunting and hawking ... with an abstract at the end of each subject, of such laws as
Some considerations, humbly offered to the Honourable House of Commons, concerning the proposed repeal of an act lately passed to render the laws prohibiting the importation of foreign bonelace, &amp;c.; more effectual. Case of the lacemakers, in relation to
A winter-evening conference between neighbours. by J. Goodman
A short treatise concerning the propagation of the soul written by H. Hills
Christianae pietatis prima institutio Ad usum scholarum latinè scripta. Christianae pietatis prima institutio
Vindiciae paedo-baptismi, or, A confirmation of an argument lately emitted for infants baptism in a letter to a reverend divine of the Church of England
To His Grace His Majesties High Commissioner, and the Right Honourable the Estates of Parliament; the petition of Alexander Hamiltoun of Kinkel. Petition of Alexander Hamilton of Kinkel
An apologie for our publick ministerie and infant-baptism written som years ago for private satisfaction of som dissenting brethren and upon request enlarged and published for the same ends
A new northeren iigge, called, Daintie come thou to me. Daintie come thou to me
By the Lords-Justices and Council, a proclamation Charles Porter, Tho. Coningesby. Whereas the vintners and retailers of wines in the city of Dublin and other cities and towns within this kingdom (taking advantage that the statute made in this kingdom
A declaration of the Northerne Army with instructions concluded at a Councell of Warre, concerning the northerne forces. Also a Letter concerning the countries resolutions in relation to the Scots. Decemb. 30. 1647. I approve, ratifie, and confirme
True and remarkable passages from the last of October to this present day. From these severall places following; namely, from [brace] New-Castle. Durham. Rippon. The county of Lincolne. from Redding. Shrewsbury. Bristoll. Cornwall. Excester. Wherein are
The prophecy of Hvmphrey Tindal vicar of VVellenger shewing the downfall of the clergy, and the woefull and miserable condition of this Kingdome : with some other remarkeable passages
A confutation of atheism from the origin and frame of the world. a sermon preached at St. Mary-le-Bow, October the 3d, 1692 : being the sixth of the lecture founded by the Honourable Robert Boyle
An extract of severall letters sent from Yorke, Hull, France, and Holland; declaring very remarkable passsages. Collected and published to prevent false information
The bubblers medley, or A sketch of the times: being Europe's memorial for the year 1720. Sketch of the times
The church triumphant; or, an emblem of the seven silver-candlesticks: being the true effigies of Dr. Henry Sacheverell, and his six learned council that pleaded his cause at Westminster-Hall, on his tryal before the House of Lords and Cmomons, [sic
A patterne for all, especially for noble and honourable persons, to teach them how to die nobly and honourably. Delivered in a sermon preached at the solemne interment of the corps of the Right Honourable Robert Earle of Warwick. Who aged 70 years 11
Great news from Ireland being motives of encouragement for the officers and souldiers who shall serve in the present war of Ireland
The character of a trimmer concerning religion, laws and liberties by a person of honour, Mss. H
A deuout exposition, of the holie masse VVith an ample declaration of all the rites &amp; ceremonies belonging to the same. Composed, by Iohn Heigham. The more to mooue all godly people, to the greater veneration of so sublime a sacrament
Aqueous Microwave Assisted Chemistry Synthesis and Catalysis
Johannis Wallis S.T.D., geometriae professoris Saviliani, in celeberrima Academia Oxoniensi Opera mathematica Opera mathematica
The Oxford almanack for the year of our Lord God 1687
Historia rituum sanctae Ecclesiae Anglicanae ex omni antquitate eruta nec non de jure episcopatus et de origine progressu &amp; rebus gestis sectarum presbyterianae et independentium
The strait gate to heaven A sermon preached before the poore distressed prisoners in the Kings Bench common gaole, to their heavenly comfort. By William King preacher of the Word of God. Straight gate to heaven
The boasting Baptist dismounted, and the Beast disarmed and sorely wounded without any carnal weapon. In a reply to some papers, written by Jonathan Iohnson, of Lincolne, as an answer to a letter, sent him by Martin Mason, concerning some exceptions
Die Jovis 2. Junij, 1642. Whereas it doth appear to the Lords and Commons in Parliament, that the King, seduced by wicked counsell, doth intend to leavy warre against his Parliament
The Archbishop of Canterbury's speech, or, His funerall sermon preacht by himself on the scaffold on Tower-Hill, on Friday the 10 of Ianuary, 1644, upon Hebrews 12, 1, 2 : also the prayers which he used at the same time and place before his execution
A review of the observations upon some of His Majesties late answers and expresses. Written by A Gentleman of Quality. Observations upon some of His Majesties late answers and expresses
A proclamation to summon in George Speake Esquire, Francis Charlton Esquire, John Wildman Esquire, Henry Danvers Esquire, commonly called Colonel Danvers, and John Trenchard Esquire James R
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, for execution of martiall law, according to the meaning of this ordinance, to continue for the space of four moneths from the date hereof. Together with the names of such commissioners as
A modest enquiry into the causes of the present disasters in England, and who they are that brought the French fleet into the English Channel, described
The castel of memorie wherein is conteyned the restoring, augmenting, and conseruing of the memorye and remembraunce, with the safest remedies, and best preceptes therevnto in any wise apperteyning: made by Gulielmus Gratarolus Bergomatis Doctor of
By the King. A proclamation for recalling and prohibiting seamen from serving of forein princes and states. Proclamation for recalling and prohibiting seamen from serving of foreign princes and states
The divine portrait. Or, A true and liuely representation of the blessed sacrament of the Lords Supper: with our due preparation how to receive the same worthily
The beggers ape
An impartial account of the names of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council, and principal officers of this kingdom, now in the commission, &amp;c.; under the most puissant and renowned prince, King James II
By the Queen, a proclamation, for apprehending and securing [blank] Baud
The case of the present afflicted clergy in Scotland truly represented to which is added for probation the attestation of many unexceptionable witnesses to every particular, and all the publick acts and proclamations of the convention and Parliament
Of romanizing recusants, and dissembling Catholicks. A counter-maund of a counterfeit embassage. Or, An answer to the posthume pamphlet of Ralfe Buckland sometime a popish priest secretly printed and published after his death about a yeere a goe
Antibossicon
The old causes epitaph by anticipation since rendred in English. Causae veteris epitaphium. English
Some motives and incentives to the love of God pathetically discours'd of in a letter to a friend by the honourable Robert Boyle. Seraphick love
A sermon on Acts xxviii, 22 shewing, that the Christian religion is not a sect, and yet that it is every where spoken against
A feast for vvormes Set forth in a poeme of the history of Ionah. By Fra. Quarles
The fair extravagant, or, the humorous bride. An English novel
The ivglers discovered, in two letters writ by Lievt. Col. John Lilburne, prerogative prisoner in the Tower of London, the 28. September, 1647. to his Excellency Sir Thomas Fairfax, Captaine Generall of all the forces in England and Wales, discovering
Ane answer to the tractiue, set furth in the yeir of God. 1558. be maister Quintine Kennedy Commendatar, Abbote of Crosraguell, for the establisching of ane Christiane mannis conscience (as he alledgis) the forth and strenth of his Papistrie, and all
Irelands lamentation for the late destructive cessation, or, A trap to catch Protestants. Written by Lieutenant Colonell Chidly Coote. Published according to order. Trap to catch Protestants
A summary narration of the signal victory which it pleased Almighty God to bestow upon His Majesties navy, under the command of His Royal Highness the Dvke of York, against the fleet of the states of the United Neatherlands, on the 3d of June, 1665
The way of life, or, Gods vvay and course, in bringing the soule into, keeping it in, and carrying it on, in the wayes of life and peace laid downe in foure severall treatises on foure texts of Scripture, viz. the pouring out of the spirit, on Zach. 12
A Declaration of some of the sufferings of the people of God called Quakers
Certamen elegiacum nouem musarum, Appoline duce, contra Barbariem susceptum &amp; serenissimae, potentissimaeq[ue] principi, ac Dominae, D. Elizabethae, Angliae, Franciae, &amp; Hiberniae Reginae, &amp;c.; Barbariae victrici: Dominae elementissimae, D.D.D. Matthias
Anno secundo et tertio Edouardi sexti Actes made in the session of this present parliament, holden vpon prorogacion at Westminster the fourth daie of Nouember, in the second yere of oure moste drad souereigne lorde Edward the VI. [...] Laws, etc
Sir Robert Sherley, sent ambassadour in the name of the King of Persia, to Sigismond the Third, King of Poland and Swecia, and to other princes of Europe his royall entertainement into Cracovia, the chiefe citie of Poland, with his pretended comming
A sermon preached before the Right Honourable Lord-Mayor, the Aldermen, and governours of the hospitals of London, at St. Bridget's Church, on Wednesday in Easter week, MDCC by Z. Isham
Omnia transeunt vt revertantur. ; Anima non senescit. Act verses Anima non senescit
A little treatise of bail and main-prize. Written, at the request of Sir William Hayden, Knight,
Mount Ebal levell'd or redemption from the curse. Wherein are discovered, 1. The wofull condition of sinners under the curse of the law. 2. The nature of the curse, what it is, with the symptomes of it, in its properties, and effects. 3. That wonderful
A new prognostication for the year of our Lord God, 1665 being the first after bissextile or leap-year : most artificially and truely calculated for the whole kingdom of Scotland, but most especially for the latitude and meridian of the honorable city
Articles of agreement had, made, and concluded, between the commissioners of the Right Honorable the Lord Willoughby of Parham, of the one partie; and the commissioners of the Parliament of England, of the other partie: being in order to the rendition
A compleat ephemeris for the year of Christ, 1683 containing all the heliocentrical and geocentrical places and aspects of the planets, lunations, eclipses and quarterly ingresses, most exactly calculated, with astrological observations thereon
A description of the Church of Scotland with a word of reproofe to the priests, and teachers, and officers therein, for their many corrupt doctrines and practices, also a warning and a gentle invitation to all people, that lives under their tyrannicall
To the honourable the knights, citizens, and burgesses, in Parliament assembled. May it please your Honours; the last sessions of Parliament ... a committee being appointed for the regulation of the coin, and the exportation of bullion
A Warning-piece to the General Council of the Army with a word to the reader shewing the unrighteousness and growing danger of bringing all the armies in the three nations under one single chief head and conduct
Englands black tribunal being the illegal tryal of King Charles I of blessed memory : together with the tryal of Col. J. Penruddock and Mr. Hugh Grove, who were beheaded for the royal cause
Mr. Pymmes speech in answer to Thomas Lord Straffords defence at the barre, the 13 of April, 1641
The testaments of the twelue patriarches the sonnes of Jacob: translated out of Greeke into Latine by Robert Grosthead, sometime bishop of Lincolne, and from his copie into French and Dutch by others: and now Englished. To the credit vvhereof, an
August 3. 1642. The copie of a letter sent from a speciall friend in Coventry wherein is related the several passages betweene the Right Honourable the Lord Brook and the Earle of Northampton, three miles beyond Banbury, upon the conduct of certaine
Hero and Leander in Durlesque
The affaires of Ireland [---] in a bad posture
A conference between the ghost of the Rump and Tom Tel-Troth. Together with her sad complaint of that dismall and total eclipse that is like to fall out on the 20th day of April, 1660. Conference between the ghost of Mris. Rvmp, and her adversary Tom
The humble representation and petition of the officers of the Army, to the Parliament of the Commonwealth of England. Presented to them Wednesday the 5th of October, 1659. by Maj. General Disbrow, accompanied with the field-officers of the Army, and
The second part of the Reports of Sir George Croke Kt late one of the justices of the Court of Kings-Bench, and formerly one of the justices of the Court of Common-Bench: of such select cases, as were adjudged in the said courts, during the whole reign
A discourse concerning the beauty of providence in all the rugged passages of it Very seasonable to quiet and support the heart in these times of publick confusion. By John Wilkins, B.D
The case and title of Henry Robinson of London esq unto a deputation and management of both the letter-offices, together with the profits thereunto belonging, deriv'd from the right honourable Charls Lord Stanhop, unto Endymion Porter esq. deceased, and
By the Queene, a proclamation for restraint of transportation of grayne beyonde the seas Proclamation for restraint of transportation of grayne beyonde the seas
Vox populi, or The peoples cry against the clergy. Containing the [brace] rise progresse ruine [brace] of Norwich remonstrance. Framed and fomented by the ministers of that city, being encouraged thereunto by some great persons from above. Licensed and
Dolly and Molly:, or, The two countrey damosels fortunes at London Dolly and Molly came up to town, to marry their fortunes, wandring up and down; at length both marcht together to a ball, there Moll a gallant got, Doll none at all, but Doll at last in
Wit restor'd in several select poems not formerly publish't
A declaration of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, setting forth the several plots and designes that have been on foot to destroy this Parliament, ever since the sitting thereof. Ordered by the Commons in Parliament, that this declaration
Admiral Russel's letter to the Earl of Nottingham containing an exact &amp; particular relation of the late happy victory and success against the French fleet. Letter to the Earl of Nottingham containing an exact &amp; particular relation of the late happy
Three great and bloody fights between the English and the French: the first, by Gen. Pen, and Gen. Venables, against Monsieur de Poince, governor of St. Christophers for the king of France: with the particulars theref [sic], the taking of the Isle De la
The Scottish determination and loyltie declaring the manner of the papists and other malignant persons rising in armes in that kingdome of Scotland, and the manner of their suppression : with the Kings commission for the raising of force and armes, and
Un abridgment des plusieurs cases et resolutions del common ley alphabeticalment digest desouth severall titles
His Majestie's gracious speech to both houses of Parlament on Wednesday, November 20. 1661 being the first day of their meeting after the adjournment
Toichoructa: or, Independents razing their ovvn foundation. By which all (that will not shut their eyes) may see deep iniquities, long veiled under pretence of conscience, clearly discovered. Published according to order. Toichoructa Toichoructa: or
Memoriae sacra illustriss. potentiss. Principis Henrici Walliae Principis, Ducis Cornubiae, &amp;c.; laudatio funebris Fr. Nethersole
The copy of a letter vvritten to Mr. Alexander Hinderson
Vindiciae foederis; or, A treatise of the covenant of God entered with man-kinde, in the several kindes and degrees of it in which the agreement and respective differences of the covenant of works, and the covenant of grace, of the old and new covenant
The plots of Jesuites: (viz. of Robert Parsons an English-man, Adam Contzen a Moguntine, Tho. Campanella a Spaniard, &amp;c.;) how to bring England to the Romane religion without tumult. Translated out of the original copies. Politicorum libri decem. Book 2
A letter to a noble lord concerning a late prophane pamphlet entituled, The Presbyterians pater noster, creed, and Ten Commandments
Maii 13 1643 at the Committee of Lords and Commons for Advance of Money and other necessaries for the Army. At the Committee of Lords and Commons for Advance of Money and other necessaries for the Army
State &amp; ambition a new song at the Dukes Theatre
A state discourse vpon the late hurt of the French king. Faithfully translated out of French, by E.A. Discours d'estat sur la blessure du roy
An ansvver to the vntruthes, published and printed in Spaine, in glorie of their supposed victorie atchieued against our English Navie, and the Right Honorable Charles Lord Howard, Lord high Admiral of England, &amp;c.; Sir Francis Drake, and the rest of the
Whereas a commission under the Great Seal of England, bearing date at Westminster the three and twentieth day of August now last past, hath been directed unto me, and divers others in the said commission nominated, authorizing the said commissioners, or
The holy cheat proving, from the undeniable practices and positions of the Presbyterians, that the design of that party, is to enslave both king and people under the masque of religion
A declaration of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament Whereby the good subiects of this kingdome may better discerne their owne danger, and be stirred up with more earnestnesse to assist the Parliament in the maintenance of religion, the common
A sermon preached before the Lord mayor, and the Court of Aldermen, at Guild-Hall Chappel, on the 29th of January 1681
A declaration of His Most Sacred Majesty, King James the second, to all his loving subjects in the Kingdom of England
Organocatalytic Enantioselective Conjugate Addition Reactions A Powerful Tool for the Stereocontrolled Synthesis of Complex Molecules
Catalogus variorum &amp; insignium librorum instructissimae bibliothecae clarissimi doctissimiq viri Lazari Seaman, S.T.D. quorum auctio habebitur Londini in aedibus defuncti in area &amp; viculo Warwicensi Octobris ultimo
The hue and cry after Father Peters, by the deserted Roman Catholicks
A brief and plain exposition of the church-catechism compos'd for the use of a private school errected and maintained at the cost and charges of several charitable persons belonging to the New Church in Westminster
The works of John Jones, gent. In reference to the putting all the law into English, and reforming the abuses therof : discovering a readie waie how men may recover their debts with little trouble and less charges. of Neyath, Brecon
The loyal Protestants vindication, fairly offered to all those sober minds who have the art of using reason, and the power of suppressing passion by a Queen Elizabeth Protestant
The martyrdom of Theodora and of Didymus by a person of honour
To the Kings Most Excellent Majesty and to the high and honourable court of Parliament, an answer humbly tendered by the tanners to the shoo-makers reasons against exportation of leather Answer humbly tendered by the tanners to the shoo-makers reasons
An Account of the proceedings and arguments of the counsel on both sides concerning the plea of Mr. Fitz-Harris to his indictment of high treason, at the Kings-Bench-Bar, in Westminster-Hall, on Saturday May the 7th, 1681
Die Lunae, 10. Martii, 1644. The Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, taking into their consideration the great distresse and calamity of the town of Plymouth, Melcomb Regis, and VVeymouth
His Maiesties late commission of array for the county of Middlesex more especially for the cities of London and Westminster. Published to the world for the satisfaction of all good people against the falshood of the rebels, who impudently call this
By the King. A proclamation commanding all apothecaries of this realme, to follovv the dispensatory lately compiled by the Colledge of Physitions of London Proclamations. 1618-04-26 Pharmacopoeia Londinensis
Roman stories, or, The history of the seven wise mistresses of Rome containing seven days entertainment, in many pleasant and witty tales and stories : wherein the treachery of evil counsellors is discovered, innocency cleared, and the wisdom of Seven
Introductory History of Education
By the King. A proclamation concerning the sequestration of the office of post-master for forraign parts, and also of the letter-office of England, into the hands of Philip Burlamachi of London, merchant
Paedagogia moralis tertiâ R. Williamsoni Cuprensis curam aucta et limata
A remonstrance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, or, The reply of both Houses, to a printed book, under His Majesties name, called, His Majesties answer to a printed book, entituled, A remonstrance, or the declaration of the Lords and
Gods delight in the progresse of the upright. Especially, in magistrates uprightnesse and constancy in wayes of justice and righteousnesse, in these apostatizing times, notwithstanding all discouragements, oppositions, &amp;c.; Presented in a sermon before
Artificial Ear : Cochlear Implants and the Culture of Deafness
A sermon of obedience especially vnto authoritie ecclesiasticall wherein the principall controversies of our church are handled, and many of their obiections which are refractorie to the gouernment established, answered though briefly as time and place
The lightning columne or sea mirrour contaigning the sea-coasts of the northern, eastern and western navigation: setting fort in divers necessarie sea-cards all the ports, rivers, bayes, roads, depths and sands; very curiously placed on its due
The iournall, or dayly register, contayning a true manifestation, and historicall declaration of the voyage, accomplished by eight shippes of Amsterdam, vnder the conduct of Iacob Corneliszen Neck Admirall, &amp; Wybrandt van Warwick Vice-Admirall, which
The soul's communion with her savior. Or, The history of our Lord Jesus Christ, written by the four evangelists digested into devotional meditations. The first part
An abstract of all the penal statutes which be general, in force and vse wherein is conteyned the effect of all those statutes which do threaten to the offenders thereof the losse of life, member, landes, goods, or other punishment or forfaiture
Wits academy: or, The muses delight Being the newest academy of complements: consisting of merry dialogues upon various occasions, composed of mirth, wit, and eloquence. As also divers sorts of letters upon several occasions, both merry and jocose
Papua New Guinea Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Papua New Guinea
The historie of Orlando Furioso, one of the tvvelue peeres of France As it was playd before the Queenes Maiestie. History of Orlando Furioso Orlando furioso
France Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in France
The sinners remembrancer, or, A serious warning to the wicked, to prevent his destruction, and hasten his reformation by Rich. Parr
Thinking Allegory Otherwise
The Kings Maiesties speech, as it was delivered the second of November before the vniversity and city of Oxford. Together with a gratulatory replication expressed by that learned man Doctor William Strode, orator for the famou [sic] Vniversity of
Parvulorum institutio
Some things memorably considerable in the conditions, life and death of the ever blessed and now eternally happy; Mris. Anne Bovves
The strangling and death of the Great Turke, and his two sonnes VVith the strange preservation and deliverance of his Vncle Mustapha from perishing in prison, with hunger and thirst, the young emperour now three dayes before having so commanded. A
The countrymans treasure shewing the nature, cause, and cure of all diseases incident to cattel, viz. oxen, cows, and calves, sheep, hogs, and dogs : with proper means to prevent their common diseases and distempers : being very useful receipts, as they
A letter: whearin, part of the entertainment vntoo the Queenz Maiesty, at Killingwoorth Castl, in Warwick Sheér, in this soomerz progress 1575. iz signified: from a freend officer attendant in the coourt, vnto his freénd a citizen, and merchaunt of
Some considerations touching succession and allegiance
The most acceptable and faithful account of the capitulation the Irish Governor of Charlemont made to D. Schonbergh's forces, to surrender that important garison with the tenor of the articles, the number of men therein, with other agreeable relations
A discourse for parents honour and authoritie Written respectiuely to reclaime a young man that was a counterfeit Iesuite. By his father Petrus AErodius ... Done into English at the instance of some worthy learned friends, by Iohn Budden ... De patrio
An Italian voyage, or, A compleat journey through Italy in two parts : with the characters of the people, and the description of the chief towns, churches, monasteries, tombs, libraries, pallaces, villa's, gardens, pictures, statues and antiquities : as
Alexandrou Aphrodisieos Pros tous autokratoras peri heimarmenes kai tou eph'hemin Alexandri Aphrodisiensis Ad imperatores de fato &amp; de eo quod nostrae potestatis est : cui accesit Ammoniou tou Hermeiou Eis to tou Aristotelous Peri hermeneias tmema
Logarithmorum chilias prima
A funeral sermon upon the sad occasion of the death of Mordecai Abbott, Esq. preach'd the 17th of March 1699-1700 by John Piggott
A True and full relation of a most barbarous and inhuman murder committed upon the body of a man found in Parkers-Lane, near Little-Queen-Street, on the 30th of January, between the hours of nine and ten at night : giving an account how the salvage
Reconstructing Beirut : Memory and Space in a Postwar Arab City
Of contentment, patience and resignation to the will of God several sermons by Isaac Barrow
A Discourse against profane swearing and cursing wherein I. Those vices are describ'd and reprov'd, II. Both magistrates and private persons are excited to their duty in order to the suppressing 'em by the execution of the late act of Parliament against
Peru Media, Internet &amp; Telecommunications Complete Profile This All-Inclusive Profile Includes All Three of Our Communications Reports
Six speeches spoken in the Guild-Hall, London, upon Tuesday in the afternoon, Aprill 9 1644 printed in the same order they were spoken one after the other. By the Earle of Warwick, Sir Henry Vane, the Earle of Essex, the Earl of Pembroke, Colonell
A proclamation, containing His Majesties grace and favour to His Subjects [in t]his His ancient kingdom of Scotland Proclamations. 1674-03-24
The Economics of Abundance A Political Economy of Freedom, Equity, and Sustainability
A representation of the advantages, that would arise to this kingdom, by the erecting and improving of manufactories: but more especially, by that of woollen-cloath With an answer to the objections against this last; and an account of the present state
The great Turks terrible challenge, this yeare 1640. Pronounced against the Emperour of Germany and the King of Poland by Soloma Hometh who lately deceased, but continued by his brother Ibraim, the first of that name. To the tune of My bleeding heart
Gods voice to Christendom, or, Alarum to Europe by the remarkable earthquakes, with the several kinds thereof, two hundred years before the birth of Christ. The causes and kinds, antecedents, and consequents, (pestilence, sword, famine) following
Comoros Media, Internet &amp; Telecommunications Complete Profile This All-Inclusive Profile Includes All Three of Our Communications Reports
An examination of Dr. Sherlock's book entituled, The case of the allegiance due to sovereign powers, stated and resolved, &amp;c.; by James Parkinson ... Case of the allegiance due to soveraign powers
A more exact and particular relation of the taking of Shrevvsbury, then hath hitherto been published. With the manner and performance thereof by Lieutenant Collonel William Reinking commander in chief in that designe. Published by authority
Catonis disticha de moribus cum scholiis des. Erasmi Roterodami. Adiecta sunt, dicta graeca sapientum, interprete Erasmo Roterodamo. Eadem per Ausonium, cum Erasmi doctissima enarratione. Mimi publiani ex ciusdem Erasmi restitutione, cúmque scholijs
YEARBOOK OF CULTURAL PROPERTY LAW 2009
Adambel Clym of the cloughe, and Wyllyam of Cloudesle Adam Bell, Clym of the Clough, and William of Cloudesley. Part 1. Clym of the Clough
His Majesties letter of instrvction directed and sent to the iudges of assize of the severall circuits at the last summer assize
A declaration of the ten holy co[m]maundementes of allmygthye God wroten Exo. 20. Deu. 5. Collectyd out of the scripture canonicall, by Joanne Hopper
The practice of the faithful containing many godly prayers both for morning and evening, and other necessary occasions : together with divers profitable and comfortable meditations, necessary to be remembred and practised of every Christian
A prayer or petition for peace November 22, 1644
The famous Chinois, or The loves of several of the French nobility, under borrowed names with a key annexed. Fameux Chinois
The declaration of the decree made by the Generall States of the Vnited Netherland Prouinces against certaine Arminians, or remonstrants, for their perpetuall banishment dated the 15. of Iuly, 1619, Stilo Nouo
A joyfull message sent from the House of Commons to Robert Earle of Warvvicke, admirall of His Majesties navie royall, concerning the ships which now lye ready at the coast of Holland laden with ammunition, to be sent to His Majesty at Yorke with the
Hierusalem bedewed with tears a sermon preached at St. Mary Woolnoth London upon the fast-day, Martii 30, 1642
River Nile in the Post-colonial Age, The Conflict and Cooperation Among the Nile Basin Countries
Advice to His Grace
Leviathan drawn out with a hook or animadversions upon Mr Hobbs his Leviathan. Together with some observations upon Sr Walter Raleigh's history of the world. Animadversions upon Mr. Hobbs his Leviathan. Leviathan History of the world
A declaration to the Kingdome of England. Concerning the poysoning of King James of happy memory, King of Great Brittain. Wherein is contained, severall remarkable passages, touching the Kings Majesty, and the Duke of Buckingham; with the manner, how
The Pretensions of the most Christian King to the dominions &amp; territories of the most serene confederates on the one side, and on the other, the claims of the most serene confederates with exact enquiries into the rights of every one in particular
The Chickamauga campaign
Guinea-Bissau Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Guinea-Bissau
The Tryals of Peter Boss, George Keith, Thomas Budd, and William Bradford, Quakers for several great misdemeanors (as was pretended by their adversaries) before a court of Quakers at the sessions held at Philadelphia in Pensylvania, the ninth, tenth
The seuenth booke of the Myrrour of knighthood Being the second of the third part. Englished out of the Spanish language. Espejo de principes y cavalleros. Part 3. Book 2. English
Greece Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Greece
Morocco Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Morocco
A great victorie against the rebels in Ireland neere Trim, on May 24, 1647. With the particulars therof, the Earle of Westmeath and 220 officers and souldiers slaine, and 600 horse and foot routed, by Col. Fenwicks forces that went lately from England
Hearts delight A sermon preached at Pauls crosse in London in Easter terme. 1593. By Thomas Playfere professour of diuinitie for the Ladie Margaret in Cambridge. Sermons
The gentleman's recreation in four parts, viz., hunting, hawking, fowling, fishing : collected from ancient and modern authors forrein and domestick, and rectified by the experience of the most skilfull artists of these times : illustrated with
Tajikistan Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Tajikistan
The taghmical art, or, The art of expounding scripture by the points, usually called accents, but are really tactical a grammatical, logical, and rhetorical instrument of interpretation in two parts
Anno iij. Iacobi Regis. An act for a publique thankesgiuing to almighty God euery yeere on the fift day of Nouember Laws, etc
Fratres sobrii estote. I. Pet. 5. 8. Or, An admonition to the fryars of this Kingdome of Ireland to abandon such hereticall doctrines as they daylie publish to the corruption of our holy faith, the ruine of soules, and their owne damnation which
Strange Land
The works of the Most Reverend Dr. John Tillotson, late Lord Archbishop of Canterbury containing fifty four sermons and discourses, on several occasions : together with The rule of faith : being all that were published by His Grace himself, and now
An almanack but for one day. Or, The Son of man reckoning with man upon an high account-day The last day. Latter day. Lords day. the Day of Judgment. Day of Doom. Licensed and entred according to order
Cause - Condition - Concession - Contrast Cognitive and Discourse Perspectives
Empirical Theology in Texts and Tables Qualitative, Quantitative and Comparative Perspectives
Assessment of the Small Business Innovation Research Program at the Department of Defense
Is Diss a System? A Milt Gross Comic Reader
WTO - Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
In a Shade of Blue Pragmatism and the Politics of Black America
Musical cultures in seventeenth-century Russia
Acquaintances The Space Between Intimates and Strangers
A vindication of the principles upon which several Unitarian Christians have formed themselves into societies : for the purpose of avowing and recommending their Views of Religious Doctrine, by the Distribution of Books. In a letter to . By John Kentish.
Authors of the Storm Meteorologists and the Culture of Prediction
Radical Vernacular Lorine Niedecker and the Poetics of Place
Cuba Money and Banking The Basics on Currency and Money in Cuba
Creativity, Spirituality, and Mental Health Exploring Connections
Poetic Obligation Ethics in Experimental American Poetry After 1945
Enzyme-Mediated Resistance to Antibiotics Mechanisms, Dissemination, and Prospects for Inhibition
Urban Appropriation and Transformation Bicycle Taxi and Handcart Operators
Renegades : Canadians in the Spanish Civil War
Sex in Fungi Molecular Determination and Evolutionary Implications
Law on Display The Digital Transformation of Legal Persuasion and Judgment
Digest of state and federal laws dealing with prostitution and other sex offenses : with notes on the control of the sale of alcoholic beverages as it relates to prostitution activities
Directions to a painter.
Farmer's boy : Star-spangled banner, and the Sea.
George Odin, no. 5, Dock-square, (near the market,) Boston ... imports and has for sale, hard ware goods ...
In the Company of Generals : The World War I Diary of Pierpont L. Stackpole
Ladakhi Histories Local and Regional Perspectives
Explorations of Phase Theory
Accessing Kant A Relaxed Introduction to the Critique of Pure Reason
The practical physician ; or, medical instructor. : Pointing out remedies for the various diseases of mankind: With Directions for the Preservation of Health. Specifying the Causes, Symptoms, proper Regimen, and Method of Cure of the Different Disorders incident to the Human Body. Adapted to the use of private families ; Though conveying equal Information to the Scientific. Together with observations on diet, air, and exercise. The Effects of the Passions, And their Influence on the Production and Prevention of Disease. Including, Medical Advice to Women, on Pregnancy, Child-Birth, &amp;c.; And Ample Instructions to Parents and Nurses, Respecting the Disorders of Children. By Lewis Mansey, M.D. Assisted by Communications from the most respectable Practitioners, and the Productions of the most celebrated Medical Writers, whose Names are cited.
Macaulay : The Tragedy of Power
Glücksspiel in Deutschland Ökonomie, Recht, Sucht
Multimodal Teaching and Learning The Rhetorics of the Science Classroom
Institutionalizing northeast Asia : regional steps towards global governance
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a Grammar : With Sociolinguistic Commentary
Joint Attention Communication and Other Minds
Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases XXI
By the Same Word Creation and Salvation in Hellenistic Judaism and Early Christianity
Dragonfly Genera of the New World : An Illustrated and Annotated Key to the Anisoptera
Italian Clitics An Empirical Study
The Eloquent Body Dance and Humanist Culture in Fifteenth-Century Italy
Private Eye: Observing Snow Geese
Most Important Fish in the Sea : Menhaden and America
Cell Biology and Instrumentation UV Radiation, Nitric Oxide and Cell Death in Plants
Foucault and the Iranian Revolution Gender and the Seductions of Islamism
Form of Practical Knowledge : A Study of the Categorical Imperative
Mechademia 2 Networks of Desire
Towards the Future Internet
Erotic Revolutionaries Black Women, Sexuality, and Popular Culture
Dogen's Extensive Record A Translation of the Eihei Koroku
American Business and Political Power Public Opinions, Elections and Democracy
A letter to the Right Honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, &amp;c.; &amp;c.; on the proposed abolition of the African slave trade. By the Rev. F. Randolph, M.A. Late Fellow of King's College, Cambridge ; And Chaplain to his Royal Highness the Duke of York.
Methods for Solving Mathematical Physics Problems
The Earth Mother
Komedie Stamboel : Popular Theater in Colonial Indonesia, 1891-1903
Pleasure and the Arts Enjoying Literature, Painting, and Music
The travels and adventures of Mademoiselle de Richelieu : cousin to the present Duke of that Name, who made the tour of Europe, dressed in men's cloaths, attended by her Maid Lucy as her Valet de Chambre. Now Done into English from the lady's own manuscript, by the translator of the Memoirs and adventures of the Marques of Bretagne and Duke of Harcourt lately published in Dublin.
Dissertatio de S. Scripturarum interpretatione secundum patrum commentarios. : In Qua Probatur, Primò, S. Scripturam esse Regulam Fidei unicam, ex quâ de omnibus Articulis Fidei creditu necessariis ad Salutem, Judicium ferendum est. Secundò, Patres sive Primaevos, sive Subsequentes, non esse idoneos S. Scripturae Interpretes. Tertiò, Non posse controversias de S. Trinitate motas ex Patribus, Conciliis, aut Traditione verè Catholicâ certò definiri. Authore Daniele Whitby, Ecclesiae Sarisburiensis Praecentore.
The fortunate mistress : or, a history of the life and vast variety of fortunes of Mademoiselle de Beleau, afterwards call'd the Countess de Wintselsheim, in Germany. Being the person known by the name of the Lady Roxana, in the Time of King Charles II.
Transversity 2005 Como, Italy, 7-10 September 2005
Interest at one view : calculated to a farthing. At £ 2 1/2, 3, 3 1/2, 4, 4 1/2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 per Cent. For £ 1000 to £ 1 for 1 Day to 96 Days ; and for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 Months. With Rules and Examples to cast up Interest at any Rate, by the said Tables. With a curious Table, whereby Standard Gold and Silver in Bars, is compared with the Courses of Exchange between Amsterdam and London. Also Tables for reducing Gold Coins to Pounds, and the Contrary: Shewing what Interest is made per Cent. per Annum of any Purchase: For the Valuation of Annuities: And for casting up Bank-Stock, Annuities, &amp;c.; carefully calculated By Richard Hayes. To which is added, tables, whereby to cast up Salaries, and Wages speedily, &amp;c.; &amp;c.;
Pakistan Can the United States Secure an Insecure State?
America and the political philosophy of common sense
Workforce Intermediaries For The 21St Century
The royal toast master containing many thousands of the best toasts old and new : to give brilliancy to mirth ... also The seaman's bottle companion, being a selection of exquisite modern sea songs.
Miss Newell's select school. : the first term of her school commenced May 1, 1848, in the small vestry of the M.E. Church, Park Street, (entrance in the rear.) ...
The ordinary of Newgate : his account, of the behaviour, confession, and dying words of the malefactors, who were executed at Tyburn, on Monday the 22d of this instant December, 1729.
Plasma Science Advancing Knowledge in the National Interest
Case of Edward Morse, Esq.
The woodman : a comic opera, in three acts ; as performed at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden, with universal applause. By Mr. Bate Dudley.
The seasons : by James Thomson.
The spanish fryar : or, the double discovery. Acted by their Majesties servants at the Theatre-Royal. Written by Mr. Dryden.
An essay on the genius and writings of Pope.
Alkibla. : Part II. Or, the disquisition upon worshiping towards the east continued ...
The pleasing instructor : or entertaining moralist consisting of select essays, relations, visions, and allegories collected from the most eminent English authors to which are prefixed New thoughts on education.
An alarm to unconverted sinners : in a serious treatise ... By Joseph Alleine ... To which is added, prayers for families.
Boston, [Oct. 20] 18[35] Mr. [E.Y. Hastings] bought of C.C. &amp; W.H. Conant, dealers in broad cloths, cassimeres, habit cloths, vestings, &amp;c.; No. 55 Washington Street. ...
A short English grammar.
Brunell's book holder, marker and leaf cutter. ... A.B. Brunell, 22 Cypress St., Worcester, Mass. electro gold, silver and nickel plating works. ...
[The voice of God in His promises; or, strong consolation for true Christians; ... Extracted from the writings of ... Joseph Alleine ...].
Sacriledge arraigned and condemned by Saint Paul, Rom. II, 22 prosecuted by Isaac Basire ; published first in the year 1646 by special command of His Late Majesty of glorious memory
To the Righte honorable Sir Walter Myldmaye knighte and one of the Quenes Ma[jes]ties [... domicell
By the King, a proclamation. James R. Whereas the Parliament hath been prorogued until the tenth day of February next,
His Majesties most gracious letter to the Parliament of Scotland William R
A curry-combe for a coxe-combe. Or Purgatories knell In answer of a lewd libell lately foricated by Iabal Rachil against Sir Edvv. Hobies Counter-snarle: entituled Purgatories triumph ouer hell. Digested in forme of a dialogue by Nick-groome of the
The miserable case of the poor glass-makers, artificers, and several hundred families that were imployed in the said manufacture, humbly offered in reference to the duty on glass
Mysterium &amp; medulla Bibliorum the mysterie and marrow of the Bible, viz. God's covenant with man in the first Adam before the fall, and in the last Adam, Iesvs Christ, after the fall, from the beginning to the end of the world : unfolded &amp; illustrated
Stage-coaches vindicated: or, certain animadversions and reflections upon several papers writ by J.C. of the inner Temple, gent. against stage-coaches. 1. Intituled, Reasons for suppressing stage-coaches, &amp;c.; 2. J.C's letter to the post-masters in the
Bill of mortality, for Portsmouth, New-Hampshire, for A.D. 1820.
The loyall martyrology, or, Brief catalogues and characters of the most eminent persons who suffered for their conscience during the late times of rebellion either by death, imprisonment, banishment, or sequestration together with those who were slain
A treatise of the covenant of grace, as it is dispensed to the elect seed, effectually unto salvation being the substance of divers sermons preached upon Act 7, 8
A letter sent from the Lord Goring directed to the Lord Maior, aldermen, and commonalty of the city of London, and what was agreed upon, at the receipt thereof also Rochester surrendred to the Lord Fairfax, and his further proceedings in Kent, and
All is ours and our husbands, or The country hostesses vindication. She durst not scold 'tis counted for an evil. Sheel cheat and whore, and yet be counted civil; sheel fill her pocketsby [sic] poor drunkards losses, and send then all to jayl by weeping
His Majesties speech spoken to the mayor, aldermen, and commonaltie of the citie of Oxford, and to the high sheriffes of the counties of Oxford and Berks, with divers justices of peace in the said counties, at a generall summons. Requesting their
A sermon on the Second Commandement preached in Saint Pauls Church, Ianuarie 6. 1623. By Iohn Squire vicar of Saint Leonard in Shorditch by London
England's restitution or The man, the man of men, the states-man. delivered in several sermons in the parish church of Waltham Abbey in the county of Essex
A fathers testament. Written long since for the benefit of the particular relations of the authour, Phin. Fletcher; sometime Minister of the Gospel at Hillgay in Norfolk. And now made publick at the desire of friends
De prosodia libellus. Authore G. Buchanano
Institutiones linguae graecae N. Clenardo authore ... ; nunc verò denuò recusae, &amp; à mendis infinitis, tam literis, quam numeris repurgatae ; adjunctum etiam est syntaxe+os compendium à Frid. Sylburgio conscriptum, vnà Pr. Vergaram prosodia, seu de
Ludus mathematicus, or, The mathematical game explaining the description, construction, and use of the numericall table of proportion, by help whereof, and of certain chessmen (fitted for that purpose) any proportion, arithmetical or geometrical
Demonsthenous logoi eklektoi Selectae Demosthenis orationes : quarum titulos versa indicabit pagina. Selections
Ane admonition direct to the trew Lordis mantenaris of the Kingis graces authoritie. M.G.B
An Answer of a letter to a member of the convention
A proclamation, for securing of the peace within the city of Edinburgh, and suburbs thereof Proclamations. 1690-06-21
God save the King, and prosper him and his Parliament: or, A justification by the word of God, of the Kings gracious proffer for liberty of conscience, made to his Parliament and subjects, before he came into England, in matters disputable. By
To the honourable the knights, citizens and burgesses, in Parliament assembled; the deplorable case and humble petition of Dr. Titus Oates
A further discovery of the mystery of Jesuitisme In a collection of severall pieces, representing the humours, designs and practises of those who call themselves the Society of Jesus. Impietés et sacrileges de Pierre Jarrige
Light in darkness, or, Deliverance proclaimed unto the church in the midst of all her despondencies and discouragements in a sermon
The copie of a late decree of the Sorbone at Paris, for the condemning of that impious and haereticall opinion, touching the murthering of princes generally maintained by the Iesuites, and amongst the rest, of late by Ioannes Mariana, a Spaniard
The Quakers prophesie of the dreadful and utter destruction of all the ministers of the Church of England, &amp;c;
Some reflections on some remarks upon a book, entituled Christ's lambs defended from Satan's rage; written in answer to a malicious book stiled The Quakers unmask'd. Quakers unmasked. Christ's lambs defended against Satan's rage
A Venice looking-glasse: or, A letter vvritten very lately from London to Rome, by a Venetian Clarissimo to Cardinal Barberino, protector of the English nation, touching these present distempers. Wherein, as in a true mirrour, England may behold her
Principles of Chemical Reactor Analysis and Design New Tools for Industrial Chemical Reactor Operations
A full and true account of the whole tryal, examination, and conviction of Dr. James Newton, who keeps the mad house at Islinstton [sic], for violently keeping and misusing of William Rogers ... by his wife's orders.
Mechanical Properties and Performance of Engineering Ceramics and Composites IV A collection of papers presented at the 33rd International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, January 18-23, 2009, Daytona Beach, Florida
Photosensitisers in Biomedicine
Globalization &amp; Its Managerial Implications
Nature and Landscape An Introduction to Environmental Aesthetics
Mass Spectrometry Instrumentation, Interpretation, and Applications
Wittgenstein and Theology
For the benefit of the Ossulston dispensary. At Free-mason's Hall, Great Queen Street, tomorrow, Saturday, April 26th, 1788, will be performed, The messiah, a sacred oratorio.
Four Russian serf narratives
Solution Processing of Inorganic Materials
Process Scale Purification of Antibodies
Fluorinated Heterocyclic Compounds Synthesis, Chemistry, and Applications
Global Science and Technology Information A New Spin on Access
German Incertitudes, 1914-1945 The Stones and the Cathedral
Ionic and Organometallic-Catalyzed Organosilane Reductions
Glossary of biotechnology and genetic engineering
Future of Academic Medical Centers
Microsoft Office Excel 2007 Top 100 Simplified Tips &amp; Tricks
Where Code and Content Meet Design Patterns for Web Content Management and Delivery, Personalisation and User Participation
Garageband? Ignite!
Reading Jude With New Eyes Methodological Reassessments of the Letter of Jude
CentOS Bible
Adolescent Health Understanding and Preventing Risk Behaviors
Molecular Pathology in Drug Discovery and Development
Future of North American Integration
After the Death of God
Ecological Impact Assessment
Good practice with vulnerable adults
Modern Size-Exclusion Liquid Chromatography Practice of Gel Permeation and Gel Filtration Chromatography
Getting It Right : Markets and Choices in a Free Society
Rush, rock music and the middle class : dreaming in Middletown
Constructive Dialogue Modelling Speech Interaction and Rational Agents
Paediatric Audiological Medicine
Freedom in Economics New Perspectives in Normative Analysis
From ""Backwardness"" to ""At-Risk"" Childhood Learning Difficulties and the Contradictions of School Reform
I Thought We Were Making Movies, Not History
Gabriel Garcia Marquez A Critical Companion
Ethics The Heart of Health Care
Aptamers in Bioanalysis
Future of Foreign Language Education in the United States
Integrated Cardiac Safety Assessment Methodologies for Noncardiac Drugs in Discovery, Development, and Postmarketing Surveillance
Financial Management of Health Care Organizations An Introduction to Fundamental Tools, Concepts and Applications
Cocoa plantation scene ... Ideal Cocoa Co., Lititz, Pa., U.S.A.
Onomastikon brachy. : Sive, nomenclatura brevis, anglo-latina-græca in usum Scholæ Westmonasteriensis. Per F.G.
An elegy. On the much lamented death of Doctor James Dundass Doctor of Medicine, who departed this life, September 11th. 1754.
Merlinus Anglicus junior : or the starry messenger for the year of our redemption, 1702. ... By Henry Coley ...
Hudibras : In three parts. Written in the time of the late wars. By Samuel Butler, Esq. With annotations, and an index.
Merlinus Anglicus junior : or, the starry messenger for the year of our redemption, 1708. ... By Henry Coley ...
Twelve poems translated into French : six in prose and six in verse, selected from the works of Miss Eliza. Carter. Intitled poems on several occasions. By the Count de B****.
A sermon, preached at Park-Street Chapel, on the 19th of April, 1793 : being the day appointed for a general fast. By James Scott ...
Exchange no robbery: or, a fair eqivalent for the test. In a letter to a friend.
Macbeth : a tragedy. By William Shakespeare. To which is added all the original songs, with the life of the author.
Bell's classical arrangement of fugitive poetry : Vol. III.
La graunde abridgement : collect par le judge tresreuerend monsieur Anthony Fitzherbert, dernierment conferre auesq[ue] la copy escript, et per ceo correct, aueques le nombre del fueil, per quel facilement poies trouer les cases cy abrydges en les lyuers dans, nouelment annote, iammais deuaunt imprimee : auxi vous troues les residuums de lauter liuer places icy in ceo liuer en le fyne de lour apte titles.
A catalogue of some of the more rare plants found in the neighbourhood of Leicester, Loughborough, and in Chorley Forest. (From Mr. Nichols's History of Leicestershire.).
The children's miscellany: in which is included The history of little Jack : by Thomas Day, Esq. ...
Sorrowful Sam ; or, the two blacksmiths.
Davis &amp; Center, commission and forwarding merchants, Albany. ...
The law of pleading and evidence in civil actions : arranged alphabetically : with practical forms, and the pleadings and evidence to support them
An essay on the original genius and writings of Homer : with a comparative view of the ancient and present state of the Troade. Illustrated with engravings. By the late Robert Wood, Esq ; Author Of The Descriptions Of Palmyra And Balbec.
Answers for James Stewart writer in Edinburgh, pursuer, to the petition of Alexander Hay, wright there, defender.
Eulogy on the life and character of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, late U.S. Senator from Texas : delivered in the hall of the House of Representatives of the State of Texas, on the seventh of November, 1857
Unto the Right Honourable the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of Mess. Alexander Brown and Son merchants in Edinburgh. ...
Information for Alexander Wedderburn of St. Germains, Esq; and others, defenders, against Sir Peter Halket of Pitfirran, baronet, and his curator ad litem, pursuers.
To the stockholders of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal. : No. I. Fellow citizens, Charges of a serious nature have been preferred against the engineer in chief, and the board of directors ...
Daniel Webster, on receiving the statues of Webster and Stark : speech of Hon. George F. Hoar, of Massachusetts, in the Senate of the United States, December 20, 1894.
John Kilpatrick, plaintiff in error versus the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania : paper book of defendant in error.
Sacred harmony, or a collection of psalm tunes, ancient and modern : Containing I.A great variety of the most approved plain &amp; simple airs. II. A considerable number of tunes in verse &amp; chorus, &amp; fugues. The whole set in four parts ... Together with ... an Introduction to the art of singing, by R. Harrison. ...
Life sketches of eminent lawyers : American, English, and Canadian : to which is added thoughts, facts and facetiae
The art of preserving health
The law and practice of summary convictions on penal statutes by justices of the peace : including proceedings preliminary and subsequent to convictions, and on appeal and removal : also, the responsibility and indemnity of convicting magistrates and their officers : with an appendix of practical forms and precedents of convictions
A caution against imposition. The friends to trade and commerce, and those connected with it, are requested not to be entrapped into a petition against the improvement of the Severn, to militate against their own interest. ...
Railroad exchange, Court Square, Boston. 1848. General express directory. ...
The whimsical jester, or, Rochester in high glee : Containing great variety of diverting jests ...
A discourse upon repentance. : By Thomas Scott, Morning Preacher at the Lock Chapel.
State of New York, Cattaraugus County, ss. : I, Richard Hill, editor and publisher of the Cattaraugus gazette, printed at Ellicottville ... do depose and say, that ... John A. Bryan ... influenced me to consent to publish in my paper an attack on Mr. Porter ...
A new practice of physic : wherein the various diseases incident to the human body are orderly described, their causes assign'd, their diagnostics and prognostics enumerated ... In two volumes. By Peter Shaw, M.D.
The harp of Hermes : Poems. By Thos Nicholls.
A statement of facts, in answer to Mrs. Gunning's letter, addressed to His Grace the Duke of Argyll. By Captain Bowen.
James Louis Petigru : a biographical sketch
Merrill's India rubber court plaister [sic]. ... Merrill, Chemist. 59 Salem St. Boston.
A discourse delivered at the funeral of Benjamin Mark Farley : in Hollis, N.H., September 20, 1865
Analytical index to the laws of Texas, 1823-1905, both dates inclusive
The considerations of Drexelivs upon eternity translated by Ralph Winterton ... De aeternitate considerationes
An account of the life and death of Mr. Philip Henry, Minister of the Gospel, near Whitchurch in Shropshire who dyed June 24, 1696 in the sixty fifth year of his age : with Dr. Bates's dedication
A vindication of Sir VVilliam Lewis from one part of his particular charge by an undeniable evidence of ancient date. Vindication of Sir William Lewis
The advantage of the kingdome of Christ in the shaking of the kingdoms of the vvorld: or Providentiall alterations in their subserviency to Christ's exaltation. Opened, in a sermon preached to the Parliament Octob. 24. 1651. a solemne day of
The Forfeitures of Londons charter, or, An impartial account of the several seisures of the city charter together with the means and methods that were used for the recovery of the same, with the causes by which it came forfeited, as likewise the
Articles given by [...] and delivered to the church-wardens to be considered and answered in his visitation holden in the year of our Lord God [...] : whereunto the said church-wardens and side-men are upon their oathes to answer truly and particularly
The Earl of Danby vindicated: in reflections upon a paper intituled, Some reflections upon the E. of Danby, in relation to the murder of Sir Edmund-bury Godfry. In a letter to a friend,
Tractatus de sabbato in quo doctrina Ecclesiae primitiuae declaratur ac defenditur. Authore Thoma Brodaeo Anglo
A sermon preached before the King at White-Hall November 5, 1684
P. Ovidii Nasonis Fastorum libri VI. Cum notis selectissimis variorum. Accurante C. Schrevelio. Fasti
By the counsell of Virginea whereas the good shippe called the Hercules, is now preparing, and almost in a readiness with necessarie prouisions, to make a supplie to the Lord Governour and the Colonie in Virginea
A suruey of Fraunce, or, A select and choyse history of the motions of that kingdome during the raigne of three of the most historicall kings that gouerned the same namely, Lewis 12, Francis 1, and Henry 2, in the processe of whose story are
[The flower of godlye praiers
Swallow an almanack for the year of our Lord God 1675 : being the third after the leap-year, and from the worlds creation 5679 : calculated properly for the meridian of the university and town of Cambridge
George Keith his saying, that the light within is not sufficient to salvation without something else: prov'd to be contrary to the foundation of the Christian religion. By Edmund Elys
Exercitationes pathologicae in quibus morborum penè omnium natura, generatio, &amp; caussae, ex novis anatomicorum inventis sedul o inquiruntur. â Gualtero Charltono, M.D. Caroli I. olim, hodie Caroli II. Magnae Britanniae Monarcharum inclytissimorum
The magistrates power vindicated, and the abominablenesse of resisting their power discovered by Peter Row
Turner 1633 an almanack for the yeare of our Lord God 1633 : being the first after the leap-yeare and after the 27 of March, the 9 yeare of the reigne of our soveraigne lord King Charles : calculated and especially referred to the [brace] latitude of 52
An account of K. Williams royal heading of the men of Inniskillin and of his victorious march from Dublin to Athlone, with the late K. James's taking, &amp;c;
A [t]reatise tending vnto a de[cl]aration, whether a man bee in the estate of damnation, or in the estate of grace and if he be in the first, how he may in time come out of it: if in the second, how he may discerne it, and perseuer in the same to the
The enimie of securitie or A dailie exercise of godly meditations drawne out of the pure fountaines of the holie Scriptures, and published for the profite of al persons of any state or calling, in the German and Latine tonges, by the right reuerende
News from Rome, or, A dialogue between His Holinesse and a cabal of cardinals at a late conclave: consulting the most effectual remedies to recover the lost credit of Holy Church in England. ; Worthy the perusal of all true Protestants
Ecclesia Anglicana, or, Dartons cleare &amp; Protestant manifesto as an evangelicall key sent to the governour of Oxford for the opening of the church dores there, that are shut up without prayers or preaching
A voice from heaven, calling the people of God to a perfect separation from mystical Babylon as it was delivered in a sermon at Pauls before the Right Honorable the Lord Major and Aldermen of the city of London, on Novem. 5, 1653
The Tories confession, or, A merry song in answer to the Whigs exaltation: to the same tune of Forty one. Merry song in answer to the Whigs exaltation Whig's exaltation. Forty one
By the Lords Justices and Council. Mich. Armach. C. Granard. Whereas several of the most considerable merchants, residing in, and about this city of Dublin, and other the cities, corporations, and trading-ports of this kingdom,
Alberici Gentilis. Legalium comitiorum Oxoniensium. Actio. Francisco Bevanno docturae dignitatem suscipiente
An epistle to Friends coming forth in the beginning of a testimony and of the snares of the enemy therein
Music in American Life : Twentieth Century Drifter : The Life of Marty Robbins
Instructions for missionaries in the employment of the Board of Missions of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. : ... At a meeting of the Board of Missions, on the twelfth day of August, A.D. 1839, the foregoing instructions were adopted ...
A Call from heaven to Gods Elisha's to mourn and lament when God takes away His Elijah's, either by a natural or by a civil death
Miscellanies in prose and verse. : the third volume. To which are added several poems, and other curious tracts not in the English edition.
A new disputation betweene the two lordly bishops, Yorke and Canterbvry. With a discourse of many passages which have happened to them, before and since that they were committed to the Tower of London. : Being very necessary for observation and well
Hello Delay
Supplications of saints a booke of prayers and praises, in foure partes. I. Daniels d[e]uotion 2. Pauls assembly 3. Davids suite 4. Moses song [brace] prayers for [brace] I. Thrice every day 2. Companies 3. Euery one alone 4. Praises &amp; graces. : Wherein
Case of Galileo : A Closed Question?
Nanotechnology Research Methods for Food and Bioproducts
[Primer
Power, Change, and Gender Relations in Rural Java A Tale of Two Villages
Human remains : medicine, death, and desire in nineteenth-century Paris
A letter from a gentleman at London, to his friend at -, in S-shire, concerning honorary freemen.
Expertise : Cultures and Technologies of Knowledge : At Home with the Diplomats : Inside a European Foreign Ministry
Music in American Life : Henry Mancini : Reinventing Film Music
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. : Resolves for ascertaining the sense of the inhabitants of the several towns in the counties of Worcester and Middlesex, for a new county, as prayed for in the petition of Ivers Jewett and others. ...
Lost Sounds Blacks and the Birth of the Recording Industry, 1890-1919
Council with the Sioux Indians at Fort Pierre : message from the President of the United States, communicating minutes of a council held at Fort Pierre with the Sioux Indians by General Harney, &amp;c.;
Readings of the Platform Sutra
When Magoo Flew The Rise and Fall of Animation Studio UPA
Ohio Canal Era A Case Study of Government and the Economy, 1820-1861
The songs and description : of the pantomime ; called, the fairy favour: or, Harlequin animated. First performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, Monday, December 27, 1790.
On Thursday evening, Jan. 10th, 1833, will be performed, for the 7th time in Boston, the grand opera in 3 acts of Masaniello! or The dumb girl of Portici. ... : Previous to the opera, the laughable farce of The rendezvous. ...
Interviews with Eric Rohmer
The Enemy of the New Man: Homosexuality in Fascist Italy
Shakespeare A Life
When Victory Is Not an Option : Islamist Movements in Arab Politics
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers &amp; business men : with an appendix containing the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, Companies Act, 1913, and other acts and rules
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers &amp; business men : with an appendix containing the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1900, and rules, &amp;c.;
Death abolished by Jesus Christ : a funeral sermon for Mr. Samuel Mullins, who died at Taunton, in the 17th year of his age, 1727. By Henry Grove.
People's cyclopedia of universal knowledge.
Biography of Joseph D. Taylor
The rights of man to property! : being a proposition to make it equal among the adults of the present generation, and to provide for its equal transmission to every individual of each succeeding generation on arriving at the age of maturity : addressed to the citizens of the state of New-York, particularly, and to the people of other states and nations, generally
Reward of merit. ... From [M.A. Sawyer] to [Henry E. Hosmer].
Saggio sopra l'uomo di Alessandro Pope tradotto dall' inglese e diretto a** T**** B***
The Twenty-fifth national anti-slavery subscription anniversary. : the anti slavery effort of former years by means of a fair, will this year be more effectually continued as a financial and social occasion at the Music Hall, Boston, where the ladies will be assembled from 11 a.m., to 5 p.m., January 26th, in preparation for their evening reception at the same place at half past seven o'clock. ...
The Massachusetts plan for the initiative and the referendum : an explanation
The Bench and Bar of the United States Court of Claims to Judge Charles B. Howry on his retirement, March 15, 1915.
Notes on crime and delinquency
The history of a life
Explicationum catecheticarum, quae tractationem locorum theologicorum kat' epitomen complectuntur, sicuti illae ex repetitionibus D. Zachariae Vrsini, aliquot deinceps annis Heidelbergae in sapientiae collegio ab ipsius discipulis collectae sunt; editio
The unhappy favourite, or, The Earl of Essex a tragedy acted at the Theatre Royal by Their Majesty's servants
Holy things for holy men: or, The lawyers plea non-suited, his evidence proved insufficient, his foul mouth civilly wiped, and his arrogant railings admonished, and bridled; in some Christian reproofe and pitie expressed towards Mr Prynn's book
The Particular grieuances of those His Maiesties subiects throughout England and Wales, which lye vnder the oppression of George Woods patent for the sole printing vpon linnen cloth
Sound doctrine, or, The doctrine of the Gospel about the extent of the death of Christ being a reply to Mr. Paul Hobson's pretended answer to the author's Fourteen queries and ten absurdities : with a brief and methodicall compendium of the doctrine of
Methodus de conscribendis epistolis a Georgio Macropedio secundùm veram artis rationem tradita; ejusdem epitome praeceptionum de paranda copia verborum &amp; rerum, per quaestiones ritem de novem speciebus argumentationum rhetoricarum, rem omnem breviter
By the King. A proclamation commanding the due execution of two statutes against falsifying of wooll, and woollen yarne, for the better maintenance of clothing Proclamations. 1615-05-31
An exposition of Ecclesiastes, or, The preacher
Die Sabbathi, 24 Febr. 1648. Whereas by a late Act of this present Parliament, entituled, An Act for encouragement of officers and marriners, and impresting of seamen ... Whereas by a lateact of this present Parliament, entituled, An act for
Remarks preparatory to the issue of Lord Malmesbury's mission to Paris.
To His Sacred Majestie, loyall reflections upon his glorious restauration, procession and coronation not forgetting the royal oake
Two acts of Parliament, the one concerning such benefices and stipends as have been possessed without presentations from the lawfull patrons: the other concerning masters of universities, ministers, &amp;c.; Laws, stc
Conamen ad motum Telluris probandum ex observationibus astronomi celeberrimi Roberti Hooke Regiae Societatis, apud Londinenses, Socii Quod è sermone Anglicano in Latinum transtulit Guilhelmus Nicolson, Collegi Reginalis, apud Oxonienses, Art. Bacc
Remarks on the R. Mr. Goodwins Discourse of the Gospel proving that the Gospel-covenant is a law of grace, answering his objections to the contrary, and rescuing the texts of Holy Scripture, and many passages of ecclesiastical writers both ancient and
The malignants conventicle: or, A learned speech spoken by M. VVeb, a citizen, to the rest of his society, which did consist of [brace] citizen, malignants, papists, [double brace] priests, apprentices, wenches. At their common tavern meeting-house in
Isaac Vossius (1618-1689) between Science and Scholarship
Arithmetica logarithmica sive Logarithmorum chiliades triginta, pro numeris naturali serie crescentibus ab unitate ad 20,000: et a 90,000 ad 100,000 Quorum ope multa perficiuntur arithmetica problemata et geometrica. Hos numeros primus invenit
By the King. A proclamation commanding persons of quality to reside in their countreys Proclamations. 1623-03-26
The Initiation of Sound Change Perception, production, and social factors
The emperor's letter to his own subjects and those of the empire in Italy dated from Vienna April 9th, 1689
The Passive in Japanese A Cartographic Minimalist Approach
Ferroics and Multiferroics Special Topic Volume with Invited Peer Reviewed Papers Only
A reply to the excellent and elegant speech made by Sir Thomas Player, the worthy Chamberlain of London, to the Right Honble the Lord Mayor &amp;c.; on Friday the 12th of September, 1679 by H.B
Pragmatic Variation in First and Second Language Contexts Methodological Issues
An account of the death of the Earl of Essex. Enquiry into, and detection of the barbarous murther of the late Earl of Essex
Dialogue, Science and Academic Writing
Old Testament Theology: Flowering and Future
Aliquid est in intellectu quod non prius fuit in sensu
Disputatio brevis et succincta de duabus quaestionibus viz: de limbo patrum, et de comparatione Petri cum Paulo adversus Robertum Bellarminum: per Franciscum Dillinghamum Baccalaureum in Theologia
The most Christian Turk: or, a view of the life and bloody reign of Lewis XIV. present King of France Containing an account of his monstrous birth, the transactions that happened during his minority under Cardinal Mazarine; afterwards his own unjust
An advertisement from the Society of Chymical Physitians, touching medicines by them prepared, in pursuance of his Majesties command, for the prevention, and for the cure of the plague
Defects and Diffusion Theory and Simulation III
Moving Ourselves, Moving Others Motion and Emotion in Intersubjectivity, Consciousness and Language
Archaeology of the Early Islamic Settlement in Palestine
The great era : a poem
Report of a trial, the King against Earl Grosvenor, John Johnson and others : in the Court of King's Bench, Westminster, before Lord Chief Justice Abbott, and a special jury, at the sittings after Trinity term, 1819, for a nuisance, by erecting an embankment obstructing the navigation of the River Thames
Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, 1788.
Boston &amp; Worcester Railroad. Extra trains ... For Boston ... Leave Worcester ... Leave Boston ... for Worcester ... Boston, June 30, 1853.
Select Psalms : from different versions ; to which are added a few occasional hymns.
St. Luke's parish malt!!! : Fairburn's edition of the trial between Doctor Smith and Mr. Wm. Wood : for a malicious and scandalous libel against the said Doctor Smith, contained in a .print, or picture, commonly called a caricature!! intitled 'The inside of a newly-reformed workhouse, with all abuses removed' ... including the evidence at full length, taken in short hand.
Dwight's cow brand soda. ... Dwight's saleratus ...
A report of the proceedings in the cases of Thomas Kirwan, merchant, and Edward Sheridan, M.D., for misdemeanors charged to be committed in violation of the Convention Act
A report of the judgment delivered on the sixth day of June, 1835, by Joseph Phillimore, D.C.L. : in the cause of Belcher, the wife, against Belcher, the husband : with an appendix, containing the letters of the parties, and other papers exhibited in the cause
The state of Ireland. By Arthur O'Connor : Second edition. To which are added his addresses to the electors of the county of Antrim.
Information for Daniel Murray merchant in Edinburgh, pursuer; against John Wilson gardener at Blair in Athol, defender.
Histoire naturelle, générale et particulière : par Leclerc de Buffon. Nouvelle édition, formant un cours complet d'histoire naturelle, rédigé par C.S. Sonnini ... Quatre-vingt vol. grand in -8°. et environ 1500 planches.
Address delivered on the opening of the Law Library of the Law Association of Philadelphia : in the public buildings, at Philadelphia, on March 30, 1898
The rise and progress of the Scandinavian poetry. A poem, in two parts. By Mr. Jerningham.
Unto the Right Honourable the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of John Coltart of Ariming, factor on the sequestrated estate of Stranfasket and Largvey ...
Prospectus of a Supplement to the third edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica. By George Gleig ... editor of the last six volumes of that work.
Seaven great matters of note videlizet, first, two petitions of the Lords and Commons to His Majestie, February 2, 1641. 2. His Majesties answere to the two petitions ... 3. His Majesties consent for the Princesse Maries going to Holland, and the Queen
Triana, or a threefold romanza of Mariana. Paduana. Sabina. Written by Tho. Fuller, B.D
Euphues and his England Containing his voyage and aduentures: mixed with sundry pretty discourses of honest loue, the description of the country, the court, and the manners of the ile. Delightfull to be read, and nothing hurtfull to be regarded: wherein
A wonderful instance of God's appearance for, and presence with his people in a day of suffering, or, A narrative of the most holy life, and triumphant death of Mr. Fulcran Rey who was put to death in France, for being a publick preacher
A true narrative of som remarkable proceedings concerning the ships Samson, Salvador, and George, and several other prize-ships depending in the High Court of Admiraltie: most humbly presented to the Parliament of the Common-wealth of England, and to
The vvhores petition to the London prentices
A speech spoken vnto his Excellence the Earle of Warwicke, by Captaine Farres, in the behalfe of the whole county of Essex. With His Excellence his gracious answer thereunto giving all his souldiers generall satisfaction not long before they marched
Lettre à Mr. Norberg : Chapelain de Roy de Suede Charles XII. auteur de l'histoire de ce monarque.
The Christian mans walke with the most regardable and remarkable steppes thereof, the true rule according to which, and manner how we must walke: shewing the infallible properties of the children of light. Newly published by the author Nathanael Cole
Immigration, Asylum, &amp; International Human Rights
The sinners acquittance. A checke to curiositie. The safest seruice Deliuered in three sermons at the court. By Iohn Denison Doctor of Diuinity, and one of his Maiesties chaplaines then in attendance
Wisdom justified of her children, or, Two sermons sometime preached in Cockshutt Chappel, in the county of Salop, and lately at Brightling in Sussex, on Matth. XI. XIX. and now at the request of friends enlarged, and published
The vain religion of the formal hypocrite, and the mischief of an unbridled tongue (as against religion, rulers, or dissenters) described, in several sermons, preached at the Abby in Westminster, before many members of the Honourable House of Commons
A constant kalender, or, An almanack for 300 years but more exactly serving for the next XIX years, being the circle of the moon, or the Golden Number, beginning in the year of our Lord, 1656
Temporis filia veritas A mery devise called the troublsome travell of tyme, and the daungerous delivery of her daughter trueth. Interlocutours, Bennion the button-maker: and Balthesar the barber
Roman stories : or, the history of the Seven Wise Mistresses of Rome: containing seven day entertainment, in many pleasant and witty tales, or Stories. Wherein The Treachery of Evil Counsellors is discovered, Innocency cleared, and the Wisdom of Seven Wise Mistresses displayed. Newly Corrected, and better Explained, and Enlarged. Adorned with many Pretty pictures lively Expressing the history.
The spirit of prophecy a treatise to prove, by the wayes formerly in use among the Jews, in the tryal of pretenders to a prophetic spirit, that Christ and his Apostles were prophets : together with the divine authority of christian religion and the Holy
A briefe dialogue, concerning preparation for the worthy receiuing of the Lords Supper. Taken, for the most part, out of the ten sermons of Mr I. Dod, and Mr. R. Cleaver, touching that subiect Ten sermons tending chiefely to the fitting of men for the
Bibliorum summula, hoc est, Argumenta singulorum capitum scripturaecanonicae, vtriusque testamenti, alphabeticè distichis comprehensa vt lecta memoriae foeliciùs committantur, vel elapsa faciliùs revocentur. Biblii summula
The Doctor degraded, or, The reward of deceit being an account of the right perfidious and perjury'd Titus Oates, who recieved [sic] sentence at the Kings-Bench-Bar, at Westminster the 16th day of May, 1685
The widdovves treasure Plentifully furnished with sundry precious and approued secrets in physicke and chirurgery, for the health and pleasure of mankinde. Hereunto are adioyned, sundry prittie practices and conclusions of cookerie, vvith many
A guide vnto godlinesse moste worthy to bee followed of all true Christians: a treatise wherein is set forth the folly of man in prolonging the amendment of his sinful life, togither with the chiefe causes thereof, and souereigne remedies againste the
Ne sit magistratvs, qui ambit magistratum Act verses
Liber primus Principis Arcturi quem decem libris comprehensum anglicano carmine heroice
The booke of common prayer vvith the psalter or Psalmes of Dauid, of that translation which is appointed to be vsed in churches. Book of common prayer
A prophecy of the white king, and dreadfull dead-man explaned to which is added the prophecie of Sibylla Tibvrtina and prediction of Iohn Kepler, all of especiall concernment for these times
A bloudy fight neer Newark, between the Kings forces commanded by two Scottish colonels, and the Parliaments forces commanded by Colonell Hacker, upon Friday night last, July 28. With the number that were killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, and their
The short life and much lamented death of that most magnaminous Prince, Henry, Prince of VVales wherein the whole manner of his life, and specially of his sicknesse and cause of his death, is set forth at large
By the King. A proclamation to summon the persons therein named, who sate, gave judgment, and assisted in that horrid and detestable murder of His Majesties royal father of blessed memory, to appear and render themselves within fourteen days, under pain
The Manner of the taking of Newarke upon Trent by the Parliaments-forces their chief commanders being [brace] the Lord VVilloughby, the Earl of Lincoln, Sir Anthony Erby : also an exact relation of the whole progresse or proceedings of Prince Rupert
By the mayor to all constables, beadles, and other His Majesties officers and loving subjects within the city of London, and every of them
Faiths victory over nature: or, The unparallel'd president of an unnaturally religious father. Delivered in a sermon preached at the funerals of the hopefull young gentleman Master John Rushout : son and heire to Master John Rushout merchant and citizen
Epigrammaton Ioannis Dunbari Megalo-Britanni centuriae sex, decades totidem
Christmas lamentation for the losse of his acquaintance, showing how he is forst to leaue the country, and come to London. To the tune of, Now the spring is come
Liberty of conscience upon its true and proper grounds asserted and vindicated proving that no prince , nor state, ought by force to compel men to any part of the doctrine worship, or discipline of the Gospel
Reflections upon a passage concerning the light within, in a book entituled, Primitive heresie, &amp;c;
An ansvvere to master William Perkins, concerning Christs descension into Hell: By John Higins Exposition of the symbole or creed of the apostles
A trimmer's confession of faith, or, The true principles of a Jack of both-sides tune of Which no body can deny
Astroscopium, or Two hemispheres, containing all the northern and southern constellations projected upon the poles of the word [sic], according to the observations of Mr. Halley, which (by the help of a moveable horizon) are rendred serviceable in any
A treatise of the authority of the church The summe wherof was delivered in a sermon preached at Belfast, at the visitation of the diocese of Downe and Conner the tenth day of August 1636. By Henrie Leslie bishop of the diocese. Intended for the
The epistle of Erasmus Roterodamus, sente vnto Conradus Pelicanus concerning his opinion of the blessed sacrament of Christes body and bloude
A Pindarick ode on New-Year's-Day perform'd by vocal and instrumental musick before Their Sacred Majesties, K. William and Q. Mary
A sermon preach'd before the lord-mayor and Court of Alderman at S. Sepulchres-Church on Wednesday in Easter-week, A.D. MDCXC by William Wake
The preacher, or the art and method of preaching: shewing the most ample directions and rules for invention, method, expression, and books whereby a minister may be furnished with such helps as may make him a useful laborer in the Lords vineyard
Confessio fidei conventu theologorum authoritate Parliamenti Anglicani indicto elaborata eidem Parliamento postmodum exhibita : quin &amp; ab eodem, deindèque ab Ecclesia Scoticana cognita &amp; approbata : unà cum catechismo duplici, majori minorique : e
A shield of the truth, or, The truth of God cleared from scandalls and reproaches cast upon it by scandalous and reproachfull tongues which the devil in all ages did make use of, whereby he blasphemed the truth of God, striving to present it odious in
Dyalogus inter. hugonem. cathonem. et oliuerium. sup libertate ecciastica luculentissime elaboratus feliciter incipit. [...] Dialogus inter Hugonem, Catonem et Oliverium super libertate ecclesiastica
The man in the moone, telling strange fortunes, or, The English fortune-teller
A collection of such sermons and treatises as have beene written and published by Samuel Ward, Bachelor in Divinitie, and preacher of Ipswich, are here gathered into one volume The titles whereof are in the next page following. Works
[Great Britain ...] or, the happy work compleated at last. Exemplified in some glorious passages of the life of Queen Anne. Her victories over Her enemies both at home and abroad. Together with Her most gracious speech to both Houses of Parliament, on
Proposals to encrease seamen for the service and defence of England
Advertisement. Edinburgh, the 9th of July 1696
Use of polygraphs as lie detectors by the federal government : hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Eighty-eighth Congress, second session ... Part 1
Uranium enrichment program : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, April 8, 1987
U.S. interest in Panama Canal : hearings before the Subcommittee on the Panama Canal of the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries, House of Representatives, ninety-fifth Congress, first session ... July 25, 26, 27, 1977
Utility consumers' counsel act of 1969. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, first session, on S. 607, to establish an Office of Utility Consumers' Counsel. Part 3
The good fight of faith A sermon preached at Saint Mary-Acts in London, vnto the gentlemen of the Artillery Garden, the 19. of Iune, 1623. By the late faithfull seruant of God, Thomas Sutton, Doctor of Diuinitie, preacher of Saint Mary Oueris in
The last will and testament of James Hynd, high-way lawyer. Now sick to death, in his chamber in Newgate. Full of various conceits, beyond expectation
U.S. minerals supply and South Africa : issues and options : oversight hearing before the Subcommittee on Mining and Natural Resources of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session ... h
Underlying causes of rising health care costs : hearing before the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, October 6, 1993
A True relation of two prodigious births the like not hapning in many generations, the signification whereof is left to the judicious to contemplate
A state of the case, and list of the persons ourlawed of high treason in Ireland, on account of the late war, not included in articles, who were admitted by His Majesty and his late Royal Consort, by writs of error to reverse the outlawries against
U.S. Marshals Service : oversight hearing before the Subcommittee on Courts, Civil Liberties, and the Administration of Justice of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session ... March 19, 1985
Treaty powers resolution : hearings before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session, on S. Res. 486 ... July 21 and 28, 1976
Utility consumers' counsel act of 1969. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, first session, on S. 607, to establish an Office of Utility Consumers' Counsel. Part 2
Aphorismes of justification with their explication annexed : wherein also is opened the nature of the covenants, satisfaction, righteousnesse, faith, works, &amp;c.; : published especially for the use of the church of Kederminster in Worcestershire
United States Postal Service's nine-digit zip code automation program : hearing before the Subcommittee on Postal Operations and Services of the Committee on Post Office and Civil Service, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, J
The temper and conduct of the primitive ministers of the gospel illustrated and recommended: in a sermon preach'd at Wisbeach, June 8. 1737. At the ordination of the Rev. Mr. William Johnston. By P. Doddridge ...
Uranium revitalization, tailings reclamation, and uranium enrichment programs : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy Research and Development of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, second sessi
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament for the raising of thirtie two thousand pound upon the securitie of the excise
United States policy toward South Africa : hearings before the Subcommittee on African Affairs of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, first session, October 22, 1987 and June 22, 23, and 24, 1988
Uniform federal product liability law : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, second session on S. 640, a bill to regulate interstate commerce by providing for a uniform product liability law, a
Tropical wood labeling : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session on H.R. 2854, a bill to provide
Epithetorum Ioan. Rauisii Textoris epitome. Ex Hadr. Ivnii medici recognitione Accesserunt eiusdem Rauisii Synonyma poetica, multo quam prius locupletiora. Epitheti Synonyma propriorum nominum
The life of the holie father S. Francis Writen by Saint Bonauenture, and as it is related by the Reuerend Father Aloysius Lipomanus Bishop of Veron. In his fourth tome of the life of Saintes Legenda maior beatissimi patris francisci
Laquei ridiculosi: or Springes for vvoodcocks. By H.P
A sermon preached at St. Catherine Cree-Church, upon Sunday the 1st of March 1695/6 upon occasion of the late horrid plot
The Jesuits grand design upon England, clearly discovered in a letter lately written from a father of that society
Instytutions, or, Principall groundes of the lawes and statutes of Englande Principall groundes of the lawes and statutes of Englande
The amorous prince, or, The curious husband a comedy
Crook 1653 an almanack &amp; prognostication for the year of our Lord God, 1653 : being the first from bissextile or leap-year, and from the creation of the world, 5602 : wherein is contained many usefull, pleasant and necessary observations : calculated
The copie of a letter sent by a learned physician to his friend wherein are detected the manifold errors vsed hitherto of the apothecaries, in preparing their compositions, as sirropes, condites, conserues, pilles, potions, electuaries, losinges, &amp;c;
Memorable providences, relating to witchcrafts and possessions a faithful account of many wonderful and surprising things, that have befallen several bewitched and possessed persons in New-England, particularly, a narrative of the marvellous trouble and
United States-Japan Structural Impediments Initiative (SII) : hearings before the Subcommittee on International Trade of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, first session. Part 3
U.S. waste exports: hearing before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and International Organizations and the Subcommittee on International Economic Policy and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress,
Compassion, Inc. How Corporate America Blurs the Line between What We Buy, Who We Are, and Those We Help
United States-China relations : hearings before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives and its Subcommittees on Asian and Pacific Affairs and on International Economic Policy and Trade, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 3,
Predicting Outcomes from Investments in Maintenance and Repair for Federal Facilities
The World Health Organization between north and south
Brown's Battleground Students, Segregationists, and the Struggle for Justice in Prince Edward County, Virginia
Information Sharing and Collaboration Applications to Integrated Biosurveillance : Workshop Summary
UMW Welfare and Retirement Fund. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, second session. July 29, August 17and 26, 1970
U.S. participation in the International Development Association seventh replenishment : hearings before the Subcommittee on International Development Institutions and Finance of the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representativ
Water resource aspects of S. 267 : hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on Section 5 of S.267, May 17, 1983
U.S. nuclear policy : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, October 5, 1994
Princess Noire The Tumultuous Reign of Nina Simone
U.S. environmental technology in the global marketplace : hearing before the Subcommittee on Foreign Commerce and Tourism of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, June 24,
United States-Mexico border issues and the peso devaluation : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Assistance and Unemployment Compensation of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, June 10,
United States-Soviet relations : hearings before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session. Part 1
Lewis Nordan Humor, Heartbreak and Hope
U.S. environmental initiatives in Eastern Europe : hearing before the Subcommittee on Transportation and Hazardous Materials of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One hundred first Congress, second session, April 23, 1990
The Nicomachean Ethics
An account of the preparation and management necessary to inoculation : By Mr. James Burges.
Mumford-Tate Groups and Domains Their Geometry and Arithmetic (AM-183)
A brief essay on the advantages &amp; disadvantages which respectively attend France and Great-Britain : with regard to trade. By Josiah Tucker ...
Access contested : security, identity, and resistance in Asian cyberspace information revolution and global politics
Human Security in a Borderless World
Unnecessary hysterectomies, the second most common major surgery in the United States : hearing before the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session ... May 5, 199
Astrobiology of Earth The Emergence, Evolution and Future of Life on a Planet in Turmoil
Gender, Sainthood, and Everyday Practice in South Asian Shi'ism
Integrating Schools in a Changing Society New Policies and Legal Options for a Multiracial Generation
Over the Horizon Proliferation Threats
Not a Chimp The Hunt to Find the Genes That Make Us Human
Modern Japan : a very short introduction
Doctoring the Novel Medicine and Quackery from Shelley to Doyle
Meng Jiangnü Brings Down the Great Wall Ten Versions of a Chinese Legend
Water Resources Development Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Taxation and Debt Management of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on S. 1739, June 5, 1984
Generating Bodies and Gendered Selves The Rhetoric of Reproduction in Early Modern England
The mysterious mother. A tragedy.
The principles of moral and political philosophy : By William Paley ...
The Arkansas Rockefeller
The Little Data Book 2012
Plain directions for reading the Holy Scriptures.
Feasibility of Using Mycoherbicides for Controlling Illicit Drug Crops
Acts of Assembly, passed in the island of Jamaica : from 1681, to 1737, inclusive.
An account of the religion, manners, and learning of the people of Malabar : in the East-Indies. In several letters written by some of the most learned men of that country to the Danish missionaries. By Mr. Phillips. ...
The Child's wish. : Tune--Watcher.
The fables of Flora : By Dr. Langhorne.
The temple of taste: or, a dish of all sorts : Consisting of prologues, epilogues, songs ... &amp;c.; ... To which is annex'd a new farce, call'd Newmarket: or, the humours of the turf. With a sketch of one year's account of the life of the author ... By George Downing ...
Appeal in behalf of Oberlin Theological Seminary. : To [blank] In commending to your benevolent regard the Theological Seminary connected with Oberlin College, we assume that you have at least some general knowledge of this institution, located at Oberlin, Lorain County, Ohio. It has been in operation now twenty-five years--embraces a department for preparing students for college as well as as college proper, and a theological department ; opens its doors to pupils without respect to color or sex ... Passing these general facts as known, allow us to present to you some considerations that urge the vigorous support of its theological department. ...
A collection of songs, by the inimitable Captain Morris. Part the first.
Four new dialogues of the dead.
Concert given by the teachers &amp; pupils of the Troy Female Seminary, under the direction of Prof. Thorbecke, February 10, 1855.
The law of newspapers : a text and case book for use in schools of journalism and a desk-book for newspaper workers
Thoughts suggested by seeing the deer within the park upon the Common.
A letter to the people of Great Britain, occasion'd by the late hellish plot and rebellion.
Expenses of the town of Oakham, for the year ending March 1, 1843.
The diary of an old lawyer, or, Scenes behind the curtain
The early Bar of Oneida : a lecture ...
The trial of Dr. N.E. Mitchuson, for counselling and aiding in an attempt to poison Isaac N. Guthrie, Esq. : including the letters and correspondence between Dr. Mitchuson and Mrs. Martha Guthrie
A Sabbath discourse on the death of Hon. Rufus Choate : together with the address at his funeral
A treatise on the law of bills of exchange, checks on bankers, promissory notes, bankers' cash notes, and bank-notes
Mankind in general, and the clergy in particular, will be greatly pleased, and highly gratified, by having an effectual and ready means put in their hands, of vindicating or defending religion and Christianity, from the violating, repelling and exterminating Opposition it hath hitherto experienced, or was in any Degree liable to suffer, through the Attacks of Mr. Tom Paine, OR Others Like Him. - The more they feel themselves interested in this New Universal Means, the more they will feel it incumbent on them not only to subscribe, but also to disfuse the Intelligence.
The trumpet o[f] fame: or Sir Fraunces Drakes and Sir Iohn Hawkins f[are]well with an encouragement to all saile[rs] and souldiers that are minded to go in this worthie enterprise. VVith the names of many ships, and what they h[aue] done against our
Great news from Scotland and London-derry in Ireland being a full and true relation of a great and signal victory, which the Protestants there have most happily obtain'd over the French and Irish-papists, and of the landing of Major General Kirk, and
Most assuredly for two nights only. By permission of the Rev. the Vice Chancellor &amp; the Worshipful the Mayor. In the Assembly Room, at the Red Lion, in the Petty-Cury, this present evening, Tuesday November 11th, George Saville Carey ... and Mr. Kean ... will open their system of mimicry.
Milke for babes. Or, a north-countrie catechisme. Made plaine and easy, to the capacitie of the countrie people
All the votes, orders, &amp;c.; in the House of Commons, both in the late, and present Parliament, touching the Earl of Danby Proceedings. 1678-1679
An abstract of the proofs and vouchers upon which Colonel Rice obtain'd an Act of Parliament for debentures to be given him for the principal money due to him after fifteen years sollicitation ... Report from the committee to whom Col. Rice's petition was referred.
Cleaveland's petition to His Highnesse the Lord Potector [sic
A call to back-sliding Israel and may be as a necessary word of caution and admonition to the inhabitants of East and West-Jarsey, Pennsilvania, &amp;c.; as a remembrancer to them to call to mind their former state, and whence they are fallen. With some
The asse beaten for bawling; or, A replie from the city to the crie of the country
A catalogue of all the colledges [sic] in the famous university of Cambridge, with the names of the principal founders and benefactors, with the time of their foundation, and the names of the present masters and governours, with the number of students
Reasons to augment the number of hackney coaches, within the bills of mortality, from four hundred to six or eight hundred most humbly tendred to the consideration of both Houses of Parliament
Prudential reasons for repealing the penal laws against all recusants and for a general toleration penn'd by a Protestant person of quality
By the Lord Generall. Whereas it hath pleased the Queenes Maiestie for necessary defence of her Highnesse realme against forreine inuitation, to cause sundry troupes of horse and footemen to be leuied out of diuers adioyning counties, ..., We Charles
In a short time will be published, a portrait : etched with the point of a fork, by Austin of Portland-road, of Zacchariah Sharp ...
Reflections upon some passages in George Keith's Third narrative Third narrative of the proceedings at Turners Hall the twenty first day of April 1698
Die Veneris, 13 Junii, 1645. An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, for the more speedy getting in of the monies in arreare, formerly imposed upon the bill of 400000 li. The ordinances for the fifty subsidies, weekly assessment
The Sale of Esau's birth-right, or, The New Buckingham ballad to the tune of the London gentlewoman, or Little Peggey Ramsey
[La graunde abridgement
The copy of a letter written from the Lo. Viscount of Gormanston unto Sir Phelim O Neal which letter is all written by the Lord Gormanston's own hand and was found in Sir Phelim O Neal's cloakbag when on the 16 of June, 1642 the said Sir Phelim, Rorymac
Methodus gratiae divine in traductione hominis peccatoris ad vitam septuaginta thesibus succinctè &amp; elabortè explicata
The posing of the p[arts, or,] A most p[lain and] easie way of [examining] the accidence and gram[mar by questions and] answers aris[ing directly out of the] words [of the rules.] Whereby all schola[rs may attain most speedily] to the perfect learnin[g
An Help to prayer, for the catechised youth of the Church of England very useful for parents and mothers to teach their children and servants how to pray
Londons declaration, in the defence of the citisens now in arms concerning certain aspersions cast upon them, some calling them traitors and rebels to the king : of which, they here nobley cleere themselves, proving of themselves to the whole kingdom
Fourteen sermons preached in Lambeth Chapel before the most reverend father in God, Dr. William Sancroft late Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in the years MDCLXXXVIII, MDCLXXXIX
Joannis Leochaei Scoti, musae priores, sive poematum pars prior Musae priores sive poematum pars prior
A rich store-house or treasury for the diseased Wherein, are many approued medicines for diuers and sundry diseases, which haue been long hidden, and not come to light before this time. Now set foorth for the great benefit and comfort of the poorer sort
To the Parliament, the most humble remonstrance of Sr. Balthazar Gerbier, Kt
By the Lord Deputie and Councell. A proclamation for the banishment of Iesuites and priests, &amp;c.; Proclamations. 1624-01-21
A tender greeting and salutation of perfect love and life of truth to the children of the kingdom
A letter from a gentleman in the countrey to some of his familiar friends at London shewing from the principles of the Jesuits that their protestations at their death is no argument of their innocency
Florus Anglicus or an exact history of England, from the reign of William the Conquerour to the death of Charles the I
The case of the officers upon half-pay
True account of the behaviour, confessions, and last dying words, of Capt. James Watts, Capt. Peter Barnwell, Daniel D'Coiner alias Walker, Richard Jones, and Jane Voss alias Roberts who were executed at Tyburn, on the 19th of December 1684. for robbing
A third letter to A person of quality being a vindication of the former, in answer to a late pamphlet intituled A discourse of the use of images, &amp;c.; Discourse of the use of images. Antiquity of the Protestant religion. Nubes testium
The reall protestation of manie, and very eminent persons in the county of Yorke, declaring their resolution concerning the present distractions; some of whose names are subscribed Also their desire that this declaration and protestation may be
The shieldes of the earth A sermon preached before the reverend judges, Sir Richard Hutten, and Sir George Crooke, at the assizes holden at North-hampton: February 25. 1634. By Edward Reynolds, rector of the church of Braunston in North-hampton shire
Of the markes of the children of God and of their comforts in afflictions. By Iohn Taffin. Ouerseene againe and augmented by the author, and translated out of French by Anne Provvse. Des marques des enfans de Dieu
Medivs. of the whole psalmes in foure partes, whiche may be song to al musicall instrumentes, set forth for the encrease of vertue: and abolishyng of other vayne and triflyng ballades. Bible. O.T. Psalms. English. Sternhold and Hopkins. Selections
Lectures vpon Ionas deliuered at Yorke in the yeare of our Lord 1594. By Iohn Kinge: newly corrected and amended
A learned and very usefull commentary upon the whole prophesie of Malachy by ... Mr. Richard Stock ... ; whereunto is added an exercitation upon the same prophesie of Malachy ; by Samuel Torshell
A soveraign antidote against the fear of death: or, A cordial for a dying Christian Being ten select meditations, wherein a Christians objections are answered, and his doubts and fears removed, and many convincing motives and arguments are laid down to
Ioannis Twini Bolingdunensis, Angli, De rebus Albionicis, Britannicis atque Anglicis, commentariorum libri duo Ad Thomam Twinum filium. De rebus Albionicis, Britannicis atque Anglicis, commentariorum libri duo
Agricultural Runoff, Coastal Engineering and Flooding
The historie of man sucked from the sappe of the most approued anathomistes, in this present age, compiled in most compendious fourme, and now published in English, for the vtilitie of all godly chirurgians, within this realme, by Iohn Banister, Master
A brief examination of the present Roman Catholick faith contained in Pope Pius his new creed, by the Scriptures, antient fathers and their own modern writers, in answer to a letter desiring satisfaction concerning the visibility of the protestant
Upon the 28th day of the month called July, 1670. I being required by the Lord, to pack up all the books of what kind or sort soever that I had,
By the King where a sedicious rumor hath bene raised this morning, that some ill accident should be befallen our person ... Where a sedicious rumor hath bene raised this morning, that some ill accident should be befallen our person
Remembrance Today Poppies, Grief and Heroism
Educating for Social Justice and Inclusion in an African Context Pathways and Transitions
Congenital Heart Defects Etiology, Diagnosis and Treatment
Dictatorship and Demand: The Politics of Consumerism in East Germany
AIDS Vaccines, HIV Receptors, and AIDS Research
Magnetism and Superconductivity in Low-Dimensional Systems Utilization in Future Applications
Bigger than chaos understanding complexity through probability
Stem Cells, Craniofacial Development and Regeneration
System Architecture Approach to the Brain From Neurons to Consciousness
Treatment-Resistant Depression
Endangered Species New Research
DNA Identification Lessons Learned From 9-11
The Year in Television, 2008 A Catalog of New and Continuing Series, Miniseries, Specials and TV Movies
Texturization and Light Trapping in Silicon Solar Cells
Weapons of Choice The Development of Precision Guided Munitions
Modern Trends in Macromolecular Chemistry
The Complete Guide To Sarbanes-Oxley Understanding How Sarbanes-Oxley Affects Your Business
Green Sisters : A Spiritual Ecology
Office 2013 For Dummies
A History of the Arctic Nature, Exploration and Exploitation
Toxicological Effects of Methylmercury
Memoirs of the court of France, and city of Paris: containing the intrigues of that court, and the characters of the ministers of state, and other officers ; together with the occurrences of the town. In two parts. Translated from the French.
Social assembly, at Washington Hall, Raymond, N.H., on [blank] evening, [blank] 1862 ... Managers. D.A. Bean ... Floor managers. L. Prescott ...
Defense Manufacturing in 2010 and Beyond Meeting the Changing Needs of National Defense
Rhomobile Beginner's Guide
FDTD Modeling of Metamaterials Theory and Applications
Surviving Supply Chain Integration Strategies for Small Manufacturers
The Gothic Line Canada's Month of Hell in World War II Italy
Improving Institutions for Green Landscapes in Metropolitan Areas
Exposure of the American People to Iodine-131 from Nevada Nuclear-Bomb Tests Review of the National Cancer Institute Report and Public Health Implications
Strategies to Protect the Health of Deployed U.S. Forces Assessing Health Risks to Deployed U.S. Forces -- Workshop Proceedings
Review of the Research Program of the Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles Sixth Report
Books printed for and sold by John Marshall, at the Bible in Gracechurch-street.
Plan for a Research Program on Aerosol Radiative Forcing and Climate Change
Theatre History Studies 2007 Volume 27
Frontiers of Engineering: Reports on Leading Edge Engineering From the 1998 NAE Symposium on Frontiers of Engineering
Review of the U.S. Army's Health Risk Assessments for Oral Exposure to Six Chemical-Warfare Agents
Disposition of High-Level Radioactive Waste Through Geological Isolation : Development, Current Status and Technical and Policy
Future of U.S. Nuclear Weapons Policy
50 Years of Ocean Discovery National Science Foundation 1950-2000
Longitudinal Surveys of Children
Time for Every Purpose : Law and the Balance of Life
Modeling Mobile-Source Emissions
Review of the U.S. Geological Survey's Volcano Hazards Program
Tyler's Guide The Healthcare Executive's Job Search
Description and Analysis of the VA National Formulary
Politics of Neoliberal Democracy in Africa, The State and Civil Society in Nigeria
Review of NASA's Distributed Active Archive Centers
State of Development of Waste Forms for Mixed Wastes: U. S. Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management
Season of 1874-75. ... Military or orchestral band ... 121 Court Street, corner Sudbury Street, (room 6) Boston.
The history of the rise, progress, and establishment, of the independence of the United States of America : including an account of the late war ; and of the thirteen colonies ... By William Gordon, D.D. In four volumes. ...
Designing the 2010 Census : First Interim Report
Northwest Lands, Northwest Peoples Readings in Environmental History
By the principal Commissioners for prizes. Instructions for the agents in the foreign ports.
Radiation and the International Space Station : Recommendations to Reduce Risk
Arrernte Present, Arrernte Past Invasion, Violence, and Imagination in Indigenous Central Australia
The Human Nature of the Singing Voice Exploring a sound basis for Teaching and Learning
The trial in the Supreme Court of the information in the nature of a quo warranto filed by the Attorney General on the relation of Coles Bashford vs. Wm. A. Barstow : contesting the right to the office of Governor of Wisconsin.
Measuring a Changing Nation Modern Methods for the 2000 Census
On the sacrament : and the Obligations we all lie under, as Christians, to receive it.
A review of Mr. Pitt's administration : By the author of the Review of Lord Bute's.
Selected Letters of John Keats
Nuclear Physics The Core of Matter, The Fuel of Stars
A review of Mr Aitken's outlines of the theory and cure of fever, on plain and rational principles. With a poetical address to nonsense.
Environmental Epidemiology, Volume 2 : Use of the Gray Literature and Other Data in Environmental Epidemiology
Improving access to and confidentiality of research data : report of a workshop
Saving Persuasion : A Defense of Rhetoric and Judgment
Statistics, Testing, and Defense Acquisition New Approaches and Methodological Improvements
Methyl Bromide Risk Characterization in California
Opinione di fra Paolo Sarpi, toccante il governo della republica Veneziana.
Les crimes des reines de France, depuis le commencement de la monarchie jusqu'à Marie-Antoinette Publiés par L. Prudhomme. Avec cinq gravures.
Traces of Gold California's Natural Resources and the Claim to Realism in Western American Literature
Supplement to the "Case of William Brereton, Esq ; late Commander of His Majesty's ship Duke ; " including a short account of his services in the navy. To which is added an appendix, containing papers of importance in his vindication.
The humours of Brighthelmstone. By J. West.
Air waistcoats. A very beneficial contrivance, and universally allowed to be the most perfect security against drowning. : ... To be had of the inventor, William Cobbe ...
The retort : By the author.
The massacre of Glenco : being a true narrative of the barbarous murder of the Glenco men in the highlands of Scotland, on the 13th of February 1692.
Extending Medicare Coverage for Preventive and Other Services
Seeing into the Earth Noninvasive Characterization of the Shallow Subsurface for Environmental and Engineering Applications
To Improve Human Health : A History of the Institute of Medicine
On Time to the Doctorate: A Study of the Lengthening Time to Completion for Doctorates in Science and Engineering
Future Roles and Opportunities for the U.S. Geological Survey
J.L. Davies, cheapest house in the world for clothing, ready-made and to order, 172 Bridge Street, near High Street, Brooklyn. Mens boys &amp; childrens suits at all prices. ...
The Supreme Court in United States history
Instructions for the whole year. : Part II. Tome III. For Lent. Being practical thoughts on the epistles and lessons from Ash Wednesday to Tuesday in Easter-Week. In this edition are added the Gospels in their proper Places, for Ash-Wednesday, the Sundays, Maundy-Thursday, Easter-Monday and Easter-Tuesday. Faithfully corrected.
1 The way the raven ... C.W. Lapham, fashionable shoes, 329 W. Madison Street, Chicago. ... Button &amp; Ottley, mf'rs. 56 Warren Street, New York.
Prize reward of merit. Prize. A good name is better than wealth. Presented to [Herbert E. Beaman] by [S.A. Skinner] teacher. Prize. Prize.
Music Hall : Worcester. ... April 15th, 1873. ...
Counsellor Manners his last legacy to his son : Containing instructions for his behaviour and deportment among men ... Licensed, Octob. 27th by Sir R.L.S.
The rule against perpetuities
3 He skipped and hopped ... C.W. Lapham, fashionable shoes, 329 W. Madison Street, Chicago. ... Button &amp; Ottley, mf'rs. 56 Warren Street, New York.
An address to the gentlemen and others of the county of Devon.
Monthly statement. Terms cash. 54 Kilby St., Boston, May 8 187[8 Cushing &amp; Abbot] to Globe Gas Light Co. dr.
The Shrewsbury Farmer's Club will hold their fifth annual exhibition on Thursday Oct. 10, '72 ...
The defence of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Bart. As it was opened by his counsel, Mr. Hardinge, at the bar of the House of Commons.
Stow &amp; Smart, importers, jobbers and dealers in hardware, cutlery, guns ... no. 37 Warren St., near Broadway ... New York.
The cult of pharmacology : how America became the world's most troubled drug culture
Letter to the governors of the maritime-school recommending a mode of preserving their object to posterity : notwithstanding the income falls short of the maintenance of it as a free school. By Jonas Hanway Esqr. Treasurer. Oct: MDCCLXXXIII.
Heads of Mr. Dundas's speech, on the finances of the East-India Company, 14th July 1797.
Women's experimental cinema : critical frameworks
Apollo turn'd stroller ; or, thereby hangs a tale. A musical pasticcio. In two parts. As performed, with the most unbounded applause, at the Royalty-Theatre.
True, authentic, and particular account of the trial : and Condemnation of the Queen of France, With a Genuine Account of her Behaviour, both on her Trial and at her Execution ; In a Letter from a Gentleman in Paris, who was witness of the whole Bloody and Inhuman Transaction, to his Friend in this Town.
Certificate of merit. This certifies, that [Joanna Sanger] by punctual attendance, diligence, and good behavior, merits the approbation of her friendss &amp; instructress. [M. Bullard].
[A] catalogue of the fellows : candidates, honorary-fellows, and licentiates of the Royal College of Physicians, London.
Just published : (the third edition,) An account of the late Insurrection in Ireland ; in which is laid open, the secret correspondence between the United Irish and the French government, through Lord E. Fitzgerald, Mr. A. O'Connor, J. Quigley, and others. Together with A short History of the principal Battles between the King's Forces and the Insurgents ; with Observations on the Confessions of the Chiefs, and on their Connection with certain Societies in Great Britain. Read and then Judge. - This Account is chiefly taken from the Reports of the Secret Committees of the Irish Parliament, and other authentic Papers.
Dialogorum sacrorum : libri IV. et ad linguam rectè formandam, &amp; ad vitam sanctè instituendam, Christian? juventuti apprimè utiles. Auctore Sebastiano Castalione.
The cottagers : a comic opera. In two acts. By Miss A. Ross, (aged fifteen years) ...
Minutes of an association of General Baptist ministers : and representatives of churches, holden at Wimeswould, Leicestershire, June 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th, 1799.
Long Island farmer on congressmen[.].
The chronicle of the Kings of England from the Norman Conquest unto the present time.
Utopia : or the happy republic ; a philosophical romance, in two books. Book I. Containing Preliminary Discourses on the happiest State of a Commonwealth. Book II. Containing a Description of the Island of Utopia, The Towns, Magistrates, Mechanick Trades, and Manner of Life of the Utopians, Their Traffick, Travelling, Slaves, Marriages, Military Discipline, Religions. Written in Latin by Sir Thomas More, Lord High Chancellor of England. Translated into English by Gilbert Burnet D.D. Sometime Professor of Divinity in the University of Glasgow, afterwards Bishop of Sarum.
A catalogue of the entire library of the learned Daniel Waterland, D.D. : Archdeacon of Middlesex, and Canon of Windsor: consisting of a choice collection of useful and valuable books, in Sacred Philology, Lexicons, Classics, and the best Modern Writers in Divinity, &amp;c.; with a Compleat Collection of the Benedictine Editions of the Fathers. Also above One Hundred Volumes of Pamphlets in all Sciences. Many of the books are much improved by the curious Mss remarks which the doctor has made in the perusal. All which will be sold by auction at St. Paul's Coffee-House, on Monday, February 22d, 1741-2, and the Nine following Evenings, beginning exactly at Six O'Clock. The Books may be viewed three Days before the Sale. Catalogues may be had of Mr. Strahan, in Cornhill ; Mr. Noon, in Cheapside ; Mr. Manby, Ludgate-Street ; Mr. Millar, over-against St. Clement's Church ; Mr. Lewis, near Covent-Garden ; Mr. Stagg, in Westminster-Hall ; Mr. Dodsley, Pall-Mall ; Mr. Thurlbourn, at Cambridge ; Mr. Fletcher, in the Turl, Oxford ; Mr. Pote, at Eton, and at the Place of sale.
The liberty of the spirit and of the flesh distinguished : in an address to those Captives in Spirit among the People called Quakers, who are commonly called Libertines. By John Rutty, An unworthy Member of that Community.
A plain and easy method, whereby a man of a moderate capacity may arrive at full satisfaction in all things that concern his everlasting salvation. : To which is Added, a Paraphrase on St. Athanasius's Creed. By the Most Reverend Dr. Edward Synge, Late Lord Archbishop of Tuam, in Ireland.
The triumphs of London for the inauguration of the Right Honourable Sir Charles Duncombe, Knight. Lord Mayor of the City of London. Containing The Description (and also the Sculptures) of the Pageants, and the whole Solemnity of the Day. Performed on Friday the 29th of October, Anno 1708. All set forth at the proper Cost and Charge of the Honourable Company of Goldsmiths. Published by Authority.
Determinatio quæstionis theologicæ post gradum doctoratus habita Cantabrigiæ in Scholis Publicis a T. Rutherforth S.T.P. Coll. Div. Joan. Et Reg. Societat. Socio.
A brief and necessary discovery of some of the benefits of free ports ; ...
A letter to the Rev. Dr. Cooper : on the origin of civil government ; in answer to his sermon, Preached before the University of Oxford, on the Day appointed by Proclamation for a general fast.
Tully's three books of offices : translated into English ; with notes explaning the method and meaning of the author. Ninth edition, corrected and improved. By Thomas Cockman, D.D. Master of University-Coll. Oxon.
Bibliotheca Colebrookiana A catalogue of the large, valuable, and very elegant library of books, and books of prints, of Sir George Colebrooke ... Which will be sold by auction, by Mess. Christie and Ansell ... on Thursday, February 20, 1777 ...
An account of the success of inoculating the small pox in Great Britain, for the Year 1725. : With a comparison between the miscarriages in that practice, and the mortality of the natural small-pox. By James Jurin, M.D.R.S. Secr. Physician to Mr. Guy's Hospital, and Reader of Anatomy at Surgeons-Hall.
A strange and wounderfull [sic] yet true relation of the assembling of the crows of England Scotlad [sic] and Ireland near, Berwick-Upon Tweed, at which time was Fought the most Bloody Battle, never heretofore heard off, in which Battle so many thousands were kill'd that few Remain'd alive; And these mortaly Wounded and their Wings Pluck'd Asalso [sic] then appeared Thomas Rymer, in whichhe [sic] foretells strange things that shall happen in the Letter end of this Year or the begning of the next, to the great Comfor of all Britain and Ireland.
Bibliotheca Bernardiana : or, a catalogue of the library of the late Charles Bernard ... to be sold by auction on Thursday the 22d of March, 1710-11. ...
The case of John Nelson.
The memorial of the church of England humbly offer'd to the consideration of all true lovers of our church and constitution. With remarks upon the whole paragraph by paragraph.
The American government, national and state
Aristarchus: or a compendious and rational institution of the Latin tongue ; with a critical dissertation on the Roman classics, in a chronological order. Now revised a second time, and much improv'd, by Thomas Bowles, D.D. Vicar of Brackley in Northamptonshire, and late Fellow of Magdalene-College, in Oxford.
Mr. Rutherfoord's letters, now divided in three parts. The First, Containing those which were written from Aberdeen, where he was confined by a Sentence of the High Commission drawn forth against him, partly upon the Account of his declining them, partly upon the Account of his Non-Conformity. The Second and Third, Containing some which were written from Anwoth, before he was by the Prelates Persecution thrust from his Ministry ; and others upon Occasions afterward, from St. Andrews, London, &amp;c.; Published for the use of all the people of God ; but more particularly, for those who may at any Time be put to Suffering for Christ and his Cause. By a well-wisher to the work and people of God.
The works of Mr. Henry Scougal : Professor of Divinity In the King's College Aberdeen. Containing The Life of God in the Soul of Man ; Or the Nature and Excellency of the Christian Religion. With nine other Discourses On Important Subjects. Also a brief account of the author's life, and a sermon preached at his funeral by George Gairden D.D. In two volumes.
Sermons on the following subjects ; viz. The divine omnipresence. The Ascension of Christ. The Obligation to search the Scriptures. The Blessedness of those to whom to live is Christ, and to die is Gain. Our Times in the Hand of God. The Shortness and Frailty of Human Life. The Character of the habitually Religious. God's crowning the year with his goodness. By Thomas Amory, D.D.
Queries to Lord Audley, (second edition,) by Philip Thicknesse, Senior.
A sermon preached before the President : Vice-Presidents, and Governors, of the Marine Society, at St. Andrew's church, Holborn, ON Occasion Of Their Anniversary Meeting, on Thursday 10th February 1774. By Samuel Glasse, D.D.F.R.S. And Chaplain in Ordinary to His Majesty.
An account of the pedigree and actions of Simon Fraser : Lord Lovat, from his birth to the time of his being taken by Capt. Miller, in a hollow Tree in the Highlands of Scotland, and his imprisonment in the Tower of London, August, 15, 1746, for aiding and assisting the rebels in arms against his Majesty King George II.
Breslaw's last legacy : or, the magical companion: containing all that is curious, pleasing, entertaining, and comical ; selected from the most celebrated masters of deception ; as well with slight of hand, as with mathematical inventions. Wherein is displayed, the mode and manner of deceiving the eye, as practised by those celebrated Masters of Mirthful Deceptions. including the various exhibitions of those wonderful artists, Breslaw, Sieur Comus, Jonas, &amp;c.; Also the Interpretation of Dreams, Signification of Moles, Daimistry, &amp;c.; with a Selection of Songs, Jests, Riddles, Epigrams, and Bon Motts. The Whole forming a Book of real Knowledge in the Art of Conjuration. With an accurate Description of the Method how to make The Air Balloon and Inject the the Inflammable Air.
Starin's Glen Island Long Island Sound a day summer resort. Starin's Glen Island, Long Island Sound. Most attractive day summer resort in America ... Commencing Thursday, June 9th, 1881. Popular steamers Thomas Collyer, Laura M. Starin and Sylvan Dell ...
A genealogical history of the royal and illustrious family of the Stevvarts : from the year 1034 to the year 1710. ... To which are prefixed, fisrt [sic], A general description of the Shire of Renfrew ... and, secondly, a deduction of the noble and ancient families ...
A journal of the Rev. Dr. Coke's third tour through the West-Indies : in two letters, to the Rev. J. Wesley.
The great advantage of eating pure and genuine bread : comprehending the heart of the wheat, with all its flour. Shewing how this may be a Means of promoting Health and Plenty, preserving Infants from the Grave, by destroying the Temptation to the Use of Allum and other Ingredients in our present Wheaten Bread: Recommending to Magistrates, particularly in London, such an impartial Distribution of Justice in the Execution of the Act regulating the Assize of Standard Wheaten Bread, as may prove equally beneficial to the Miller, the Baker, and the Consumer of the Bread. By an advocate for trade.
Some considerations concerning the present state of religion ; with some essays towards our love and union. By a sincere lover of truth and union.
A supplement to the Stemmata Chicheleana : containing corrections, and very large additions to the tables of descents from Thomas Chichele, of Higham-Ferrers in the County of Northampton ; All whose descendants are held to be entitled to Fellowships in All Souls College, Oxford ; by virtue of their consanguinity to Arch-Bishop Chichele, the founder.
An attempt to display the importance of classical learning : addressed to the parents and guardians of youth: with some candid remarks on Mr. Knox's Liberal education. By Joseph Cornish.
Joshua redivivus : or, three hundred and fifty-two religious letters, by the late eminently pious Mr. Samuel Rutherfoord, Professor of Divinity, at St. Andrews. Divided into three parts The First, Containing those which were written from Aberdeen, where he was confined by a sentence of the High Commission drawn forth against him, partly upon the account of declining them, partly upon the account of his Nonconformity. Second and Third, Containing some which were written from Anwoth, before he was by the Prelates persecution thrust out of his Ministry ; and others upon divers Occasions afterward, from St. Andrews, London, &amp;c.; To which is added, the author's testimony to the covenanted work of reformation, between 1638 and 1649. And also his dying words, containing several Advices to some Ministers and near Relations, not in any of the former Editions. As also, A large Preface and Postcript, which were left out in some of the late Editions, supposed to be wrote by the Rev. Mr. M'ward.
Officium clerici pacis : a book of indictments, informations, appeals, and inquisitions: Also the Manner of Holding the Sessions of Peace ; with divers other Matters relating thereunto, and necessary to be known by Justices of the Peace. The second edition. With large Additions of Modern Indictments, Appeals, &amp;c.; As also Variety of New Cases relating to the Clerk of Assise, and Clerk of the Peace.
Olney hymns : in three books. Book I. On select Texts of Scripture. Book II. On occasional Subjects. Book III. On the Progress and Changes of the Spiritual Life.
Tully's three books of offices : in English. With notes explaning the method and meaning of the author. The seventh edition, corrected and improved. By Thomas Cockman, D.D. Late Master of University College, Oxford.
Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session on H.R. 1036, April 2, 2003
Olney hymns : in three books. I. On Select Texts of Scripture. II. On occasional Subjects. III. On the Progress and Changes of the Spiritual Life. The Sixth Edition.
Washington Bill Tracking
Vermont Jury Verdicts Combined
Utah Workers' Compensation Administrative Code
West Legal Directory–Education
JournoLISTS : 201 ways to improve your journalism
Utilities and Telecommunications Industry Library Multibase
Proposals for a Water Resources Development Act of 2010 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress. Part II
Wisconsin Elder Law Forms
History of the Westminster election : containing every material occurrence, from its commecement [sic] on the first of April, to the final close of the poll, on the 17th of May. To which is Prefixed A Summary Account of the Proceedings of the Late Parliament, So far as they appear connected with the East India Business, and the Dismission of the Portland Administration, with Other Select and Interesting Occurrences at the Westminster Meetings, Previous to its Dissolution on the 25th Day of March, 1784. By lovers of truth and justice.
Proposed amendments to firearms acts. Hearings, Eigthty-ninth Congress, first session. Part 1
Proposed fiscal year 2004 budget request for the Department of Energy : hearing before the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, to receive testimony regarding the President's FY 2004
Virginia Regulation Tracking–Full Text
West Legal Directory–Insurance
Prospects for employment growth : is additional stimulus needed? : hearing before the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, February 23, 2010
West Legal Directory–Construction
West Legal Directory–Michigan
Prosecuting terrorists : civilian and military trials for GTMO and beyond : hearing before the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Technology and Homeland Security [sic] of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first
Japan and Malaysian Development
Wisconsin Construction Law Forms
Proposed settlement of the Cobell v. Salazar litigation : oversight hearing before the Committee on Natural Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, Wednesday, March 10, 2010
Layperson's Guide to Criminal Law
Justice in Japan : The Notorious Teijin Scandal
Waterfront Residents
President's fiscal year 2007 discretionary budget performance : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, February 16, 2006
Progress report on information sharing for homeland security : hearing before the Subcommittee on Intelligence, Information Sharing, and Terrorism Risk Assessment of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress
Proposed constitutional amendment to preserve traditional marriage : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, March 23, 2004
West Legal Directory–Law Students
Program areas within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means that are vulnerable to fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundre
Project Bioshield : linking bioterrorism threats and countermeasure procurement to enhance terrorism preparedness : hearing before the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Science, and Technology of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Represe
West's Legal Forms: Business Organizations
Vienna International Arbitral Centre–Model Clause
Programs in Peril: An Overview of the GAO High-risk List - Part II; Hearing before the Oversight of Government Management, the Federal Workforce and the District of Columbia Subcommittee of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Uni
Learning to Request in a Second Language A Study of Child Interlanguage Pragmatics
A description of Hawkstone : the seat of Sir Richard Hill, Bart. One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Salop. By T. Rodenhurst.
A year's journey through the Paix Bâs and Austrian Netherlands. By Philip Thicknesse. Vol. I.
Lowell, Tilton, Sheldrick, and Donohue: U.S. International Taxation: Agreements, Checklists, and Commentary
Japan's Imperial Diplomacy : Consuls, Treaty Ports, and War in China, 1895-1938 / Barbara J. Brooks
Japan's Competing Modernities Issues in Culture and Democracy, 1900-1930
West Legal Directory–Illinois
Learning and Teaching Number Theory Research in Cognition and Instruction
Apologie de la véritable theologie Chrétienne, ainsi qu'elle est soutenue, &amp; prêchée, par le Peuple, appellé par Mépris, les Trembleurs: Qui Est Une Ample Explication, &amp; une Défense de leurs Principes &amp; de leurs Doctrines, par plusieurs Argumens, tirez de L'Ecriture, &amp; de la Droite Raison, &amp; des Témoignages des Fameux Autheurs, tant Anciens que Modernes: Avec une Ample Réponse aux plus fortes Objections qui leur sont faites Communement. Ecrite en Latin &amp; en Anglois, par Robert Barclay, Et depuis Traduite en Allemand &amp; en Hollandois, comme aussi à Present en François, pour L'Instruction des Etrangers.
Wisconsin Bill Tracking
Virginia Practice Series: Virginia Jury Instructions
Some genuine letters of the late Rev. Mr. Fletcher : Vicar of Madeley, Shropshire. To which is added, his heads of self-examination.
Virginia Regulation Tracking and Text–Combined
President's management agenda : rightsizing the U.S. presence abroad; hearing before the Subcommittee on National Security, Emerging Threats and International Relations of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth C
Annotated Virgin Islands Taxation Statutes
Vermont Environment Cases and Administrative Materials
California Criminal Law: DUI Chemical and Field Testing
Proposed antitrust exemption for certain blood banks. Hearing, Ninetieth Congress, first session, pursuant to S. Res. 26 on S. 1945 ... August 1, 1967
West Legal Directory
Multichannel Video Compliance Guide: Broadband Law and Regulation
Proposed Department of Defense budget reductions and efficiencies initiatives : Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Twelfth Congress, first session, hearing held January 26, 2011
Promotion of international capital flow through accounting standards : hearing before the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Insurance, and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred
Leadership Skills for Women : Achieving Impact As a Manager
Protecting the nation's blood supply from infectious agents : new standards to meet new threats : hearings before the Subcommittee on Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations of the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight, House of Representa
Landlord and Tenant Law (4th ed.)
Protecting Investors and Fostering Efficient Markets: A Review of the SEC Agenda: Hearing before the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, Second Session, May 25, 2006
West Legal Directory–Professional Malpractice
Provincial Reconstruction Teams : a case for interagency national security reform? : hearing before the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, he
West's Legal Forms
Washington Taxation Cases and Administrative Materials
Proposed changes to part 9 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation relating to contractor responsibility : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, October 21, 1999
Proposals to create personal savings accounts under social security : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security and Family Policy of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, May 20, 1996
Hill and Mancino: Taxation of Exempt Organizations
Virginia Tax Regulations
Israeli-Egyptian Peace Process in the Reporting of Western Journalists
Protocol to the MTN customs valuation agreement : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Trade of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, April 2, 1980
Washington Statutes–Annotated
Westlaw Insurance–Utah Administrative Code–Related Regulations
Issues in Philosophical Counseling
Proposed fiscal year 2004 budget for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development : hearing before the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, on the administration's pro
Arabic Computational Morphology Knowledge-based and Empirical Methods
Bilingual Education and Bilingualism, 30 : Language Use in Interlingual Families : A Japanese-English Sociolinguistic Study
Selected Poems by Robert Burns in Chinese Translation
Profiteering in a non-profit industry : abusive practices in credit counseling : hearing before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, Marc
Prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States : hearing before the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, on H.J. Res. 33, March 23, 19
Nazi-Deutsch/Nazi-German An English Lexicon of the Language of the Third Reich
Virginia Practice Series
Protecting America's critical infrastructure : how secure are government computer systems? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress,
Proposals to reorganize the trade-related functions of the U.S. government : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Economic Policy and Trade, Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first se
Wisconsin Practice Series: Family Law
Educational Evaluation in East Asia Emerging Issues and Challenges
Modern Presidential Electioneering : An Organizational &amp; Comparative Approach
New Urban Leaders
Neo-Industrial Organising Renewal by Action and Knowledge Formation in a Project-intensive Economy
Bioceramics Properties, Preparation and Applications
Negotiating Boundaries of Southern Womanhood Dealing with the Powers That Be
Poverty in Africa
Needs and Prospects for Crime-Fighting Technology : The Federal Role in Assisting State and Local Law Enforcement
NEON : addressing the nation's environmental challenges
Motivational Management Inspiring Your People for Maximum Performance
Credit Rating Agency Reform
Electroanalytical Chemistry New Research
China's Economic Policy Impact on the United States
Non-Verbal Learning Disabilities : Characteristics, Diagnosis, and Treatment Within an Educational Setting
The Advisory Function of the International Court of Justice 1946 - 2005
The practice of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in personal actions and ejectment : to which are added the law and practice of extents : and the rules of court and modern decisions in the Exchequer of Pleas
George Keith's judgment, concerning tythes and hat honour, &amp; c Taken out of his observations upon H. M's. remarks, upon his book of immediate revelation. 4th observation. Which is suitable to the foregoing treatise.
A specimen of cast ornaments : by Wm Caslon, letter-founder to the King.
Home Insurance Company of New-York, office, nos. 112 &amp; 114 Broadway. ... The officers and directors herewith present to the stockholders and patrons of the company their fifteenth semi-annual exhibit of assets and liabilities, showing the condition of the company on the 1st day of January, 1861. The Home Insurance Company continues to insure against loss or damage by fire and the dangers of inland navigation and transportation, on terms as favorable as the nature of the risks and the real security of the insured and of the company will warrant. ...
The royal shepherds ; a pastoral of three acts : By Josias Cuningham.
The unfortunate shipwright : or, cruel captain. Being a faithful narrative of the unparallel'd sufferings of Robert Barker, late carpenter on board the Thetis Snow, of Bristol, in a voyage to the coast of Guinea and Antigua.
The rivals : a comedy. As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Covent-Garden. Written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esq.
Governor Dorr's extra! : Dedicated to His Excellency by permission. : Thomas Wilson Dorr is probably the bravest men that ever lived ...
The history and adventures of Frank Hammond.
Grand musical entertainment in aid of Scattergood, Bethany and Davenport Mission Schools, at Music Hall [New Haven, Conn.] Wednesday evening, Dec. 10, 1862 ...
The state of the representation of England and Wales : delivered to the Society, the Friends of the People, assoiated [sic] for the purpose of obtaining a Parliamentary reform, on Saturday the 9th of Febuary [sic] 1793. by their committee appointed for that purpose. Revised, compressed, and reprinted by the London corresponding, and reforming societies, 14th May 1795.
An answer to a letter to a late noble commander of the British forces. In which the candor is proved to be affected, the facts untrue, the arguments delusive, and the design iniquitous.
The invitation.
Governor King's extra. : Dedicated to His Excellency without permission. Phantasmagoria of the Rhode Island War! ...
Order of performance.
Rating cases (including poor-law, metropolitan, general district and county rate cases) : 1912 to April, 1919
The practice of divine love revised : being an exposition of the church-catechism, by the Right Reverend Father in God, Thomas Kenn, D.D. Composed for the diocese of Bath and Wells. To which are added, Directions for prayer.
An essay on the use and abuse of satire.
Poems and essays : by the late Miss Bowdler. ...
William Shakespeare Richard II
A treatise on the military law of the United States : together with the practice and procedure of courts-martial and other military tribunals
An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the fourteenth year of His present Majesty, the one for repairing the roads from a place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield ... and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract ...
Wm. E. Smith's job book bindery ... Portland ... binding for societies, libraries, institutions and individuals ...
Volume XI. of the author's works : Containing, letters on different subjects ; and poems on several occasions.
An epistle from Lord Scudamore, in the Elysian Fields, to Velters Cornwall, Esq : representative for the county of Hereford ; occasioned by the late duty on cyder, &amp;c.;
The Old Age Pensions Act, 1908 : with notes : together with the statutory regulations and official circulars issued by the Local Government Boards of England, Scotland, and Ireland : and financial instructions of the Treasury
To the Queen's most sacred Majesty, the Macers of Council and Exchequer in Scotland, now the North part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain. ...
Statical essays : containing vegetable staticks ; or, an account of some statical experiments on the sap in vegetables. Being An Essay towards a Natural History of Vegetation: Of Use to those who are curious in the Culture and Improvement of Gardening, &amp;c.; Also, A Specimen of an Attempt to Analyse the Air, by a great Variety of Chymio-Statical Experiments, which were read at several Meetings before the Royal Society. Vol. I. By Steph. Hales, B.D.F.R.S. Rector of Farringdon, Hampshire, and Minister of Teddington, Middlesex.
Delight and judgment : or the great assize. Represented in a discourse concerning the great day of judgment. And its Power to Damp and Imbitter Sensual Delights, Sports and Recreations. By Anthony Horneck, D.D. Late Preacher at the Savoy.
A copy of Admiral Russel's letter, to the Earl of Nottingham
An inquiry : into the small-pox, medical and political: wherein A successful Method of treating that Disease is proposed, the Cause of pits explained, and the Method of their Prevention pointed out ; with an appendix, Representing the present State of small-pox. By Robert Walker, M.D. Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, Edin.
The speeches of the judges of the Court of Exchequer : upon granting a new trial, in case of Capt. Evelyn Sutton, against Comre George Johnstone ; on the 30th day of June, 1785. Together with Mr. Baron Eyre's speech, On the Motion to arrest the Judgement, On the 15th Day of June, 1785. Taken in short hand by Joseph Gurney.
A description of the Lake at Keswick : (and the adjacent country) in Cumberland. Communicated in a letter to a friend. By a late popular writer.
An analysis of Smith's Principles of equity
Medical tracts. I. On sugar. II. On the cow-pox. III. On the Yaws. IV. On Obi ; or African Witchcraft. V. On the Plague ; and Yellow Fever of America. VI. On Hospitals. Vii. On Bronchocele. Viii. On prisons. By Benjamin Moseley, M.D. Author of a Treatise on Tropical Diseases ; Military Operations ; and the Climate of the West Indies ; and A Treatise on Coffee: Physician to Chelsea Hospital, Member of the College of Physicians of London ; of the University of Leyden, of the American Philosophical Society at Philadelphia, &amp;c.; &amp; c.
Eternity, a poem: addressed to freethinkers and philosophical Christians. By John Jamieson, D.D.F.A.S.S
Vraie méthode pour apprendre facilement à parler, à lire et à écrire l'anglois : ou grammaire générale de la langue angloise ; par Th. Berry, Anglois de nation, Maitre de Langue Angloise.
An appeal to the public : stating and considering the objections to the Quebec bill. Inscribed and dedicated to the Patriotic Society of the Bill of Rights.
A pocket dictionary ; or, complete English expositor : shewing readily the part of speech to which each word belongs ; its true Meaning, when not self-evident ; its various Senses, if more than one, placed in proper Order ; and the Language, from whence it is derived, pointed out immediately after the Explication. Also The Technical Terms are clearly explained ; every Word is so accented, that there can be no Uncertainty as to the Pronunciation ; and the Names of the Cities and principal Towns, their Distance from London, their Market-Days, and Fairs, according to the New Style, are alphabetically interspers'd ; with other useful Articles. To render this Book complete, many modern Words are introduced, which are not to be found in other Dictionaries ; and to make it more concise and portable, such Words are omitted, as being neither properly English, nor ever used by good Authors, would only serve to mistead and embarrass the Learner. A Work entirely new, and designed for the Youth of both Sexes, the Ladies and Persons in Business. To which is prefix'd an introduction, containing an history of the English language, with a compendious grammar: And a Recommendation of the Manuscript Copy, In a Letter from Dr. Bevis to the Publisher.
Physico-Chyrurgical treatises of the gout : the Kings-Evil and the lues venerea. Giving a rational account of the origin of those distempers ; as likewise of the Origin of their Causes, their Increase, Progress and Symptoms ; as also of their Methods of Cure, different from what hath been hitherto proposed ; with their Differences, Diagnosticks and Prognosticks ; and an Account of a Particular Medicine, which in a little time removes the Pain of the Gout, which we have not kept as a Secret, but communicated for the Use of the Publick. To which is Added, An essay of the Reason of Intermitting Fevers, and the effects of the Cortex Peru, with the Method of Cure, by that as well as other Medicines. By Richard Boulton late of Brazen-Nose College, Oxon.
Scriptores Græci : sive selecta ex scriptoribus Græcis, viz. Herodoto, Thucydide, Xenophonte, Platone, Isocrate, Luciano. cum versione latina. In usum Regiæ Scholæ Etonensis.
Forms in summary criminal procedure
The sufficiencie of the spirits teaching without humane learning. Or a treatise tending to prove humane-learning to be no helpe to the spirituall understanding of the Word of God. Written (if it may be) for the silencing of such false and scandalous
Mr. George Withers revived: or, His prophesie of our present calamity, and (except we repent) future misery Written by him in the year 1628
A shorte dictionarie for yonge beginners gathered of good authours, specially of Columel, Grapald, and Plini
The difference between the Church and Court of Rome, considered in some reflections on a dialogue entituled, A conference between two Protestants and a Papist
Le manuel de réanimation, soins intensifs et médecine d'urgence
Terræ-Filius : or, the secret history of the University of Oxford ; in several essays. To which are added, remarks upon a late book, entitled, University education, by R. Newton, D.D. Principal of Hart-Hall. In two volumes.
Maori Origins and Migrations The Genesis of Some Pakeha Myths and Legends
The building and glory of the truely Christian and spirituall church. Represented in an exposition on Isai. 54. from vers. 11. to the 17. Preached to his Excellency Sir Tho. Fairfax, and the generall officers of the army, with divers other officers, and
A sermon no lesse fruitfull then famous. Preached at Paules Crosse, on the Sunday of Quinquagesima, by R. Wimbeldon, in the raigne of King Henry the fourth, in the yeare of our Lorde. 1388. And found out hid in a wall. Which sermon, is heere set foorth
Participatory Democracy for Global Governance Civil Society Organisations in the European Union
Proportional Representation on Trial New Zealand's Second MMP Election and After
Christs teares ouer Ierusalem Whereunto is annexed a comparatiue admonition to London. By Tho. Nash
The restoring of fallen brethren containing the substance of two sermons on Gal. VI, 1, 2 preached at the performance of publick penance by certain criminals on the Lord's-day, usually called mid-Lent Sunday, 1696, in the parish church of Old-Swinford
Carminum prouerbialium totius humanae vitae statum breuiter deliniantium, necnon vtilem de moribus doctrinam iucundè proponentium, loci communes, in gratiam iuuentutis selecti
The report to the Honourable the House of Commons, of such of the commissioners and trustees as have been appointed to execute the several trusts and powers in relation to England, Ireland, and elsewhere, (except Scotland) contained in two several acts of Parliament ; the one intitled, An act for appointing commissioners to enquire of the estates of certain traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to Superstitious Uses, in Order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Publick ; the other intitled, An act for vesting the forfeited estates in Great-Britain and Ireland in trustees, to be Sold for the Use of the Publick ; and for giving Relief to Lawful Creditors by Determining the Claims ; and for the more effectual bringing into the Respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates till Sold.
Index generalis librorum prohibitorum à pontificiis unà cum editionibus expurgatis vel expurgandis juxta seriem literarum &amp; triplicem classem. In usum Bibliothecae Bodleiaanae [sic], &amp; curatoribus eiusdem specialiter designatus per Tho. Iames S
Colloquiorum scholasticorum libri quatuor. Ad pueros in quotidiano sermone paulatim exercendos
By the King a proclamation for the well ordering the trade and vent of vvines thorowout the kingdome. Proclamation for the well ordering the trade and vent of vvines thorowout the kingdome
Sheffield musical festival. For the benefit of the General Infirmary. Under the Patronage of his grace the duke of Norfolk. His grace the duke of Devonshire. The right honourable the earl of Effingham. The right honourable earl Fitzwilliam. and The following Trustees of the Charity: Reverend James Wilkinson. C.H. Rodes, Esq. Samuel Shore, Junior, Esq. Vincent Eyre, Esq. G.B. Greaves, Esq. Thomas Walker, Esq. Richard Swallow, Esq. Thomas Rawson, Esq. Thomas Holy, Esq John Browne, M.D. The second performance at the church, on Wednesday, the 16th of October, 1800, consisting of a grand selection, in three parts.
Policie vnveiled vvherein may be learned, the order of true policy in kingdomes, and common-wealths: the matters of justice, and government; the addresses, maxims, and reasons of state. The science of gouerning well a people: and where the subiect may
Mortality represented, and practically improven in a sermon preached at the funerals of the pious and reverend Mr. James Fullarton late minister at St. Ninians
A letter out of the country to a member of this present Parliament occasioned by a late letter to a member of the House of Commons, concerning the bishops lately in the Tower and now under suspension
The D---- deputies. A satyr.
Life eternall or, A treatise of the knowledge of the divine essence and attributes Delivered in XVIII. sermons. By the late faithfull and worthy minister of Iesus Christ, Iohn Preston, D. in Divinity, chaplaine in ordinary to his Majestie, Master of
Contaminated Sites Remediation Selected, Peer Reviewed Papers from the International Conference on Contaminated Sites Remediation 2011 International Forum (RCST 2011), October 25-27, 2011, Chongqing, China
The British representative : or, a general list of the Knights, commissioners of shires, citizens, and burgesses, returned to all the Parliaments of Great Britain, Which are Eight in Number, including that which is now assembled. Wherein every Member is properly distinguished by his Profession, or public Employment ; with the Alterations that have happened by Deaths, Promotions, &amp;c.; Also An Alphabetical list of the present Members. To which is prefixed, a list of all the Speakers of the House of Commons, from the Forty-Fourth Year of Henry III, to this present Time.
A particular account of the taking Cape Breton from the French : by Admiral Warren, and Sir William Pepperell, The 17th of June, 1745. With a Description of the Place and Fortifications ; the Loss it will be to the French Trade, and the Advantage it will be to Great Britain and Ireland: With the Articles of the Capitulation of Fort Louisbourg. By Philip Durell, Esq ; Capt. of His Majesty's Ship Superbe. To which is added, a letter from an Officer of Marines to his Friend in London, giving an Account of the Siege of Louisbourg, and a Description of the Town, Harbour, Batteries, Number of Guns, &amp;c.; Also The happy Situation of that Country ; and an Account of M. Chambon, Governor of Louisbourg being laid in Irons for surrendering it: In a letter from a Gentleman in London, to a Merchant in the West of England.
A review of the Lutheran principles : shewing, how they differ from the Church of England, and that Baron Puffendorf's Essay for uniting of protestants, was not design'd to procure an union between the Lutherans and the Church of England, as is insinuated in the Title of the late Edition of that Book. In a letter to a friend. By Thomas Brett, LL. D. Rector of Betteshanger in Kent.
Via lactea, or, The saints onely way to true blessedness opened in a sermon from Matth. 5, 8 : also the danger of neglecting gospel-salvation, from Heb. 2, 3
Jacobi Rohaulti Tractatus physicus Gallice emissus et recens Latinitate donatus, per Th. Bonetum D.M. Cum animadversionibus Antonii Le Grand. Cui accessit eiusdem Rohaulti De arte mechanica tractatus mathematicus e Gallico sermone Latinè factus Trait
Anno regni Caroli II regis Angliae, Scotiae, Franciae, &amp; Hiberniae decimo tertio. At the Parliament holden at Westminister the 8th of May, anno Dom. 1661. In the thirteenth year of the raigne of Our Most Gracious Soveraign Lord Charles, by the grace of
The English rudiments of the Latine tongue explained by question and answer, which are so formed that a child, omitting altogether the questions, may learn only the answers and be fully instructed in the rudiments of the Latin tongue
Most hapy and wellcome newes from His Excellencie the Earle of Essex: wherein is declared the true and full relation, of two famous victories obtained by the Parliament forces. The first, fought by the Lord of Rochford at Twyford, Ian. 15. where with
A Catholicks resolution, or, A serious enquiry whether it be better to turn Independent, Presbyterian, Romane? or continue what I am, Catholick? in matter of religion
Natura breuium in English newlye corrected: with diuers addicions of statutes, booke cases, plees in abatements of the saide writtes, and their declaracions, and barres to the same added and put in their places moste conuenient. Cum priuilegio ad
The Kings bath Affording many sweet and comfortable obseruations from the baptisme of Christ. Gathered by Thomas Taylor, preacher of the word of God at Redding in Barkshire
Sanguis naturae, or, A manifest declaration of the sanguine and solar congealed liquor of nature by Anonimus. Blut der Natur
The humble petition of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, to the Kings most excellent Majesty for a pacification between His Majesty and both Houses, as it was delivered by the Lord of Holland to His Majesty at Beverly, on Saturday, July 16
Terrible nevves from Warwick, Leicester, and Stafford-shire Declaring the proceedings ineach [sic] severall county, from the 21. of Iuly, to the 27. 1642. Wherin is discovered a great conspiracie against the town of Leicester, and the Earl of Stamford
A viewe of some part of such publike wants &amp; disorders as are in the seruice of God, within her Maiesties countrie of VVales togither vvith an humble petition, vnto this high Court of Parliament for their speedy redresse. Wherein is shevved, not only
Colonial Constructs European images of Maori, 1840-1914
By the Lord Deputy General, and General Governour of Ireland. A declaration Tyrconnel, whereas we are given to understand that several non-commissioned officers and souldiers of the old regiments in his Majestes army in this kingdom, have of late, in
Averroeana being a transcript of several letters from Averroes an Arabian philosopher at Corduba in Spain, to Metrodorus a young Grecian nobleman, student at Athens in the years 1149 and 1150 : also several letters from Pythagoras to the King of India
Certayne sermons appoynted by the Queenes Maiestie, to be declared and read, by al persons, vycars, [and] curates, euery Sundaye and holyday, in their churches: and bi her Graces aduise perused and ouersene, for the better vnderstandyng of the symple
The true narrative of the confession and execution of the three prisoners at Kingstone upon Thames, in the county of Surrie. On Monday the 22th of March, 1679 With the account of their particular facts for which they suffered, as more particularly the
A sermon preached at S. Maries Church in Oxford, the 12. of Iuly. 1612 Being the Act Sunday. By Thomas Anyan, Fellow of Corpus Christi Colledge
N.B. As there are in this case three petitions reclaiming against the same interlocutor, upon the three complaints, and as the petitions are verbatim the same, mutatis mutandis, it will be sufficient for the Lords to read any one of the petitions. January 13. 1766. Unto the Right Honourable the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of Sir John Gordon of Invergordon, baronet, and Leonard Urquhart writer to the Signet ...
Answers for Mr David Ross, manager of the Theatre-Royal, Edinburgh, only son and heir in general, served and retoured to the deceased Alexander Ross of Little Daan, sometime writer to the Signet, afterwards solicitor in London, to the petition of Mrs Elisabeth Ross, spouse to Hugh Ross, Esq; merchant in London, and the said Hugh Ross for his interest.
Shaker extract of roots (Seigel's syrup). Cures dyspepsia. A.J. White proprietor ... New York. ...
DPDS: International Symposium on Databases for Parallel and Distributed Systems
Reward of merit. Granted to [Mr Davis Stone] for diligence and attention to study, and good behavior in school. [Caroline E. Jones] ...
To George Washington. April 30, 1889.
Judge Fox awards the prize for gaiters to Samuel Dunbarr no. 60. N 4th St. Philadelphia ... Hobart Wood &amp; Co. ...
Pizarro : a tragedy. In five acts. Taken from the German drama of Kotzebue ; and adapted to the English stage, by Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esq. A new edition = in blank verse ; preserving ... the original dialogue: by M. West.
The christians pocket-book : or, a bundle of familiar exhortations to the practice of piety. Succinctly and advisedly adapted to the meanest Capacities, both as to Stile and Matter. By a Minister of the Gospel.
Notes on private corporations : prepared for the use of the students in the Law Department of the University of Virginia
The case of toleration consider'd : with respect both to religion and civil government, in a sermon preach'd in St. Andrew's, Dublin, before the Honourable House of Commons ; on Saturday, October 23. 1725. Being the Anniversary of The Irish Rebellion. By Edward Synge, M.A. Prebendary of St. Patrick's, Dublin ; and Chaplain to his Excellency, the Lord Lieutenant. Published by Order of the House of Commons.
Protein Electrophoresis: Methods and Protocols
Handbook on the law of bailments and carriers
What is contraband of war and what is not : comprising all the American and English authorities on the subject
A treatise on the law of mortgages and deeds of trust : founded on the laws and judicial decisions of the state of Illinois
A treatise on the law of bailments and carriers
A general dictionary of the English language ; to which is prefixed, a comprehensive grammar. By William Perry, Author of the New Standard French and English Pronouncing Dictionary. Embellished with a portrait of the author.
The ethical basis of jurisprudence : a lecture delivered at the opening of the Law School of the University of Pennsylvania, October 1, 1877
This to be reported by Lord Prestongrange. Answers for James Ferrier, tacksman of the coal of Hawthornden; to the bill of advocation for Mrs. Barbara Drummond of Hawthornden, and Doctor William Abernethy-Drummond, her husband, for his interest.
The law of domestic relations of the state of New York : including marriage, divorce, separation, rights and liabilities of married women, dower, actions for dower, guardian and ward, adoption of children, apprentices and servants, abandonment of wives and children, and support of poor persons by relatives, as contained in the Domestic Relations Law (L. 1896, ch. 272), the Real Property Law (L. 1896, ch. 547), the Code of Civil Procedure, and the Code of Criminal Procedure, as amended by the legislature of 1898
Questions and answers on contracts : prepared with reference to Anson, Bishop, Clark, Lawson, Hammon, Smith, and selected cases on contracts
Lives of the Lord Chancellors and Keepers of the Great Seal of England : from the earliest times till the reign of King George IV
The folly, infamy, and misery of unlawful pleasure. : a sermon preached before the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, May 25, 1760. By James Fordyce, D.D.
Information for the Duke of Gordon, defender; against the Earls of Murray [sic] and Fife, pursuers.
Information for Alexander Telfer of Symington, pursuer; against Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and Mess. Crawfurds and Company, defenders.
Decisions, statutes, &amp;c.;, concerning the law of estates in land
The bench and bar of Saratoga County, or, Reminiscences of the judiciary, and scenes in the court room : from the organization of the county to the present time
An introduction to spelling and reading English : Being the most plain and easy method of teaching young children to read. Containing, I. Tables of Monosyllables, adapted to the Capacity of the Youngest Children ; leading them on gradually from the easiest, to the more difficult, and so to the hardest Words. II. Tables of Dissyllables, after the same Manner: And, III. Tables of Trissyllables, with their proper Division and Accent. To which are added, One Hundred and Sixty Lessons in Words of One, Two and Three Syllables ; ranged in proper Order, by Way of Praxis, on the several Tables. And a short catechetical discourse, explaining the rules for spelling, pointing, &amp;c.; Recommended by many School-Masters, under their Hands, as the most Practical Performance of this Kind. The twenty-ninth edition. To which is added, a treatise on the arts of writing and arithmetick ; with a Specimen of the Hands now in Use: Engraved by Mr. Bickham, Senior. Also Six Familiar Fables adorn'd with proper Sculptures, to Delight and Instruct Youth. Designed for the Use of Schools. By William Markham, Author of the General Introduction to Trade and Business.
Michigan law of real property : conveyancing, abstracts of titles, forms
The garden of love, and royal flower of fidelity. : a pleasant history. Written originally by Mr. John Reynolds ; Author of God's Revenge against Murder. Now much amplify'd by several hands.
The constitution of England : or, an account of the English government: in which it is compared, both with the republican form of government, and the other monarchies in Europe. By J.L. de Lolme, Advocate, member of the council of the two hundred in the Republic of Geneva.
The true amazons : or, the monarchy of bees. Being a new discovery and improvement of those wonderful creatures. Wherein is Experimentally Demonstrated, I. That they are all govern'd by a Queen. II. The Amazing Beauty and Dignity of her Person. III. Her extraordinary Authority and Power. IV. Their exceeding Loyalty and unparallel'd Love to their Queen. V. Their Sex, Male and Female. VI. The Manner of their Breeding. Vii. Their Wars. Viii. Their Enemies, with Directions plain and easy how to manage them, both in Straw-Hives and Transparent Boxes ; so that with laying out but Four or Five Pounds, in Three or Four Years, if the Summers are kind, you may get Thirty or Forty Pounds per Annum. Also how to make the English wine or mead, equal, if not superior, to the best of other Wines. By Joseph Warder of Croydon, Physician.
A review of the conduct of Pascal Paoli. Addressed to the Rt. Hon. William Beckford, Esq ; Lord Mayor of the City of London.
Articles of agreement, for carrying on an expedition, by Hudson's streights, for the discovery of a north-west passage to the western and southern ocean of America. Dated March 30, 1745.
The memoirs of Sign. Gaudentio di Lucca : taken from his Confession and Examination before the Fathers of the inquisition at Bologna in Italy. Making a Discovery of an unknown Country in the midst of the vast Desarts of Africa, as Ancient, Populous, and Civilized, as the Chinese. With an Account of their Antiquity, Origin, Religion, Customs, Policy, &amp;c.; and the Manner how they got first over those vast Desarts. Interspersed with several most surprizing and curious Incidents. Copied from the original Manuscript kept in St. Mark's Library at Venice: With critical Notes of the learned Signor Rhedi, late Library-Keeper of the said Library. To which is prefixed, a Letter of the Secretary of the Inquisition, to the same Signor Rhedi, giving an Account of the Manner and Causes of his being seized.
A general view of the principles and spirit of the Predestinarians. : With an Appendix concerning an extraordinary and most perceptible Illumination of the Mind by God's Spirit, in Regeneration and Saving Faith. The leading Doctrines of the Moravians, Methodists and Followers of the Rev. Mr. Whitfield.
Gwirionedd y grefydd Grist'nogol : a dull y farn fawr. Mewn tair pregeth o waith y diweddar barchedig Mr. Richard Rees, Gweinidog yr Efengyl, yng Nghwm y Gloe.
The religious and loyal subject's duty considered : with regard to the present Government and the Revolution. A sermon preached in the Cathedral Church of Canterbury, on Wednesday, January 30, 1722-3. Being the Anniversary Fast Of the Martyrdom of K. Charles I. Published at the Request of the Prebendaries then present. By Isaac Terry, M.A. Late of Christ-Church, Oxon.
A sermon (in substance) preached abroad, near May-Fair Chapel, on Friday evening, August 2, 1771. : By the Rev. J. Neale, M.A. Of Pembroke-Hall, Cambridge ; late Head Master of the Royal Grammar-School of Henley upon Thames, and Curate of Bix in Oxford-Shire.
Synthetic messenger RNA and cell metabolism modulation : methods and protocols
Five discourses : containing certain arguments for and against the reception of Christianity by the antient Jews and Greeks Preached at Croydon, In Surry, by John Ireland, A.M. Vicar Of The Said Church. To which are subjoined, illustrative notes.
A commentary on the prophet Isaiah : wherein the literal sense of his prophecy's is briefly explain'd. By Samuel White, M.A. Fellow of Trinity College in Cambridge, and Chaplain to the Right Honourable the Earl of Portland.
Some queries which deserve no consideration answer'd Paragraph by Paragraph, only to satisfie the ridiculous enquiries of the tristing P-----r that made 'em Publick.
Hidden things brought to light : for the increase of knowledge in reading the Bible. Being an explanation of the coyns, money, weights, measures, mentioned in the Bible ; as Shekels, Talents, pieces of Silver, Silverling, Mina, Gerah, Penny, &amp;c.; And what they are in Value, in Gold and Silver, according to English current Money. Also in this Edition, is counted what the Money, which is mentioned in the Holy Scripture, was in Value in those times, it being a Third part greater than it is now. Also, in what Chapters and Verse or Verses they are to be found. Likewise the Weights and Measures, how much they are in English. And also, Hard Words of Office, Sects, Legion, Canonical, Apocrypha, Explained: Very useful for all Families, and Schools. Also a table of Numeration, for any to Learn, that cannot Number, the like never done before. By John Axford.
A new English introduction to the Latin tongue. : Or, a short, comprehensive, Plain, and Methodical account of what relates to each part of speech. With Explanatory References ; and also many useful Notes, further improving the Rules ; part of which are placed at the End by way of Appendix. To which are added An Alphabetical Catalogue of Grammatical Terms Explain'd, and twenty seven Practical Exercises ; To try the Scholar's Judgment, and improve him in the most Essential Articles contained in the Introduction. For the Use of Schools.
The sum of Christianity : containing a brief account of what we are to believe, and of what we are to Practise, in order to our obtaining eternal life: described in a discourse on Acts XI. verse 26. By a minister of the Church of Scotland.
Merry Andrew: or an almanack : after a new fashion, for the year 1746. It being the second after Bessixtile, or Leap-Year: Wherein the Reader may find (if he have more Brains than a Butterfly) many remarkable Things, worthy his Observation: calculated for the meridian of any place in Scotland, where they understand an ape from an aple, and a sucking Pig from a Hay-Stack. And fitted for the Noddles of most Peoples Understanding. By Merry Andrew, professor of prediction by star-gazing at Tamtallon.
Retinal Development: Methods and Protocols
A scheme of Scripture-Divinity, formed upon the plan of the divine dispensations. : With a vindication of the sacred writings. By John Taylor, D.D. Late Professor of Divinity and Morality at the Academy in Warrington.
An elementary view of the proceedings in a suit in equity : with an appendix of forms
The narrative of the proceedings at the Sessions House in the Old-Baily, from Wednesday the 13 of this instant October to Saturday the 16, being a full account of the most remarkable tryals, examinations and condemnations of several malefactors, for
Academiarum quae aliquando fuere et hodie sunt in Europa, catalogus &amp; enumeratio breuis
A sermon preach'd in St. Paul's Cathedral, before the Lord-Mayor, aldermen, &amp;c.; on Sunday, October 23, 1698 by Edward Oliver ... Mr. Oliver's sermon before the Lord-Mayor, &amp;c.; at St. Paul's Cathedral, October 23, 1698
Antigamus or A satyr against marriage
The figure of Antichrist with the tokens of the end of the world, most plainly disciphered by a Catholike and diuine exposition of the seconde epistle of Paul to the Thessalonians, collected out of the best and most approued diuines, both olde and new
The line of liberalitie dulie directinge the wel bestowing of benefites and reprehending the comonly vsed vice of ingratitude. Anno. 1569. De beneficiis
The boke of nurtur for men seruauntes, and children with Stans puer ad mensam, newelye corrected, verye vtyle and necessarye vnto all youth
Scarronnides, or, Virgile travestie. A mock-poem on the first &amp; fourth books of Virgil's AEnaeis, in English burlesque. Virgile travestie. Aeneis
A boke made by Iohn Fryth prysoner in the Tower of London answerynge vnto. M. Mores letter, which he wrote agaynst the fyrst lytle treatyse that Iohn Fryth made, concernynge the sacramente of the body and bloude of Christ: vnto which boke are added in
The effect of the act of Parliament made (for reliefe of the poore) in the xliii. yeare of the raigne of our soueraigne lady Queene Elizabeth Abreviated and collected for easier execution, especiallie of so much thereof, as concerneth the churchwardens
Thus endeth the Statute upon the A[ssize] of breade ...
A Plea for succession in opposition to popular exclusion wherein it is evidenced, that an association, or any other such method, is a more immediate way to arbitrary power and a more certain road to popery than a standing up to the right of succession
A detection of the Deuils sophistrie wherwith he robbeth the vnlearned people, of the true byleef, in the most blessed sacrament of the aulter
The answer of the Scots linnen manufacturers to the report of the Lords Commissioners of trade and plantations; and to a paper falsly call'd, The case of the printing of linnen in Great-Britain, &amp;c.; ; humbly submitted to the consideraion of the
Departments of Transportation, Treasury, the Judiciary, Housing and Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2006 - April 26, 2005
They cannot geue no sentence, ...
A true narration of that horrible conspiracy against King James and the whole Parliament of England, commonly called the gun-powder treason written in Latine by Jacobus Augustus Thuanus ... ; faithfully rendred into English
A true coppy of a letter from the Right Honourable Lady, the Lady Elizabeth Hatton, left at the remove of her Honou[r]s houshold from Stoke near Windsor (upon hearing of Prince Ruperts approach towards those parts) to be delivered to his Excellencie
Problemes of beauty, loue, and all humane affections with a discourse of beauty
The Kentish petition ... of Novemb. 1644
The loyal remembrancer: or, A poem dedicated to the queens most Excellent Majesty, and may serve as a remembrance to all posterity. Poem dedicated to the queens most Excellent Majesty Allegiance to the memory of our late murthered [sic] soveraign
Mr. Rovse his speech before the lords at the transmission of Dr. Cossens March 16, 1640
A narrative panegyrical of the life, sickness, and death, of George ... Lord Bishop of Derry in Ireland as it was delivered at his funerals in the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity (commonly called Christ Church) in Dublin on Friday the 12th of
Englands Parnassus: or, the choysest flowers of our moderne poets, with their poeticall comparisons Descriptions of bewties, personages, castles, pallaces, mountaines, groues, seas, springs, riuers, &amp;c.; Whereunto are annexed other various discourses, bot
The siege of Constantinople a tragedy acted at the Duke's Theatre
The whole book of Psalmes collected into English meeter, by Thomas Sternhold, John Hopkins and others, conferred with the Hebrew ; set forth and allowed to be sung in all churches, of all the people together, before and after morning and evening prayer
Does OPIC help small business exporters? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Tax, Finance, and Exports of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, May 15, 1997
Diversity Visa Program : hearing before the Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security, and Claims of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, June 15, 2005
A letter to a member of Parliament : containing a proposal for bringing in a bill to revise, amend or repeal certain obsolete statutes, commonly called the ten commandments.
Sir Walter Rawleighs judicious and select essayes and observations upon the first invention of shipping, invasive war, the Navy Royal and sea-service : with his apologie for his voyage to Guiana. Selections
Tractatio de repudiis et diuortiis: in qua pleraeque de causis matrimonialibus (quas vocant) incidentes controuersiae ex verbo Dei deciduntur. Additur iuris civilis Romanorum, &amp; veterum his de rebus canonum examen, ad eiusdem verbi Dei, et aequitatis nor
An almanack for the yeare of our Lord God, 1666. Being the second after bissextile or leap-year
An elementary view of the proceedings in a suit in equity : with an appendix of forms
Practical treatise on the office and duties of coroners : with forms and precedents
Iesuitismi pars prima:, sive, de praxi Romanae curiae contra resp. &amp; principes: et de noua legatione Iesuitaru[m] in Angliam, protherapeia &amp; praemunitio ad Anglos. / Cui adiuncta est concio eiusdem argumenti, Laur. Humfredo s. theologiae in academia Oxon
The Popes bull gelded or An edict published by the Duke and State of Venice, against the late bull of Pope Paulus Quintus the sixth of May 1606. in the fourth indiction. Truly translated out of the Italian coppy, as appeareth in this booke
A bosome opened to the Jewes holding forth to others some reasons for our receiving them into our nation
The order of the House of the Lords, for the calling in and suppressing of a sermon, falsly fathered upon James Archbishop of Armagh, under the title of Vox Hiberniae. Vox Hiberniae
Postilla allegorica, evangeliorum dominicalium et festivalium. In qua textus evangelicus disponitur, omnia vocabula allegorica eruuntur, cujuslibet allegoriae rationes redduntur &amp; insigne scriptutae ac patrum orthodoxorum dictum, quod textui respondet, a
The order of dyeting of horses aswell when they rest, as when they traueyle, wherein is contayned not onely the keepers office, but also many preceptes necessarye to be knowne of the ferrer or horselech: / latelye set forth, by Thomas Blundeuill of Newto
Development projects in Tibetan areas of China : articulating clear goals and achieving sustainable results : roundtable before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, March 19, 2004
[Ho]lynes becõmeth thy house o lorde for euermore
[Imprint of: An approved medicine against the deserued plague]
Distribution practices in the petroleum industry. Hearings before the Subcommittee No. 5 of the Select Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Eighty-fifth Congress, first session, pursuant to H. Res. 56 ... Part III
By the King, a declaration having already signified our pleasure to call a Parliament .. it is our royal purpose to endeavour a legal establishement of an universal liberty of conscience for all our subjects
The city caper: or' The Whetstones-Park privateer. Being a true relation how a small she pickaroon lately sail'd from the park, and crusing abroad in the night, seiz'd on a rich marchant-man, whom she tempted to board her, and then she disabl'd his
Detention and treatment of Haitian asylum seekers : hearing before the Subcommittee on Immigration of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, October 1, 2002
A common-vvealth of good counsaile. Or, Policies chiefe counseller portraited into two bookes. Shewing vvhat may be in a magistrate in gouerning: a subiect in obeying: and the absolute felicitie of all common-weales. VVherein all sorts of well affected r
True intelligence from Lincolne-shire. Discovered by a letter to a private gentleman. Presented to the view and consideration of the peaceably minded
The holy life and death of the Lady Letice, Vi-countess Falkland with The returnes of spiritual comfort and grief in a devout soul : represented in letters to the honorable lady, and exemplified in her
[Giordano Ziletti's device and imprint]
A brotherly persvvasion to vnitie, and vniformitie in iudgement, and practise touching the receiued, and present ecclesiasticall gouernment, and the authorised rites and ceremonies of the Church of England. VVritten by Thomas Sparke Doctor in Diuinitie.
Economic concentration. Hearings before the subcommittee on antitrust and monopoly of the committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Eighty-eighth, Eighty-ninth, Ninetieth and Ninetieth-first Congresses first-second sessions ... Part 8A
Certaine sermons, first preached, and after published at severall times, by M. Thomas Gataker B. of D. and pastor at Rotherhith. And now gathered together into one volume: the severall texts and titles whereof are set downe in the leafe following
[Imprint of William Seres]
Dominance on the ground : cable competition and the AT&amp;T-Comcast; merger : hearing before the Subcommittee on Antitrust, Business Rights, and Competition of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session
Pietas in patrem, or a few teares vpon the lamented death of his most deare, and loving father Richard Barlow late of Langill in VVestmooreland, who dyed December 29. Ann. 1636. By Thomas Barlow Master of Arts, Fellow of Queenes Coll. in Oxon and eldest
E-commerce : the benefits and pitfalls of conducting business over the Internet : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, May 26, 1999
The cabinet lawyer : a popular digest of the laws of England, civil, criminal, and constitutional : intended for practical use and general information.
The baiting of the Popes bvll, or, An vnmasking of the mystery of iniquity folded vp in a most pernitious breeue or bull, sent from the Pope lately into England, to cawse a rent therein, for his reentry : with an advertisement to the Kings seduced subiec
Of golds kingdome, and this vnhelping age Described in sundry poems intermixedly placed after certaine other poems of more speciall respect: and before the same is an oration or speech intended to haue bene deliuered by the author hereof vnto the Kings
Departments of Transportation, Treasury, the Judiciary, Housing and Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2006 - May 12, 2005
Driving down the cost of filling up : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy Policy, Natural Resources, and Regulatory Affairs of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, July 7, 2004
A booke of the arte and maner how to plant and graffe all sortes of trees how to set stones, and sowe pepins, to make wylde trees to graffe on, as also remedies and medicines. VVith diuers other newe practises, by one of the Abbey of Saint Vincent in Fra
[Dialectica Ioannis Setonis Cantabrigiensis,] [annotationibus Petri Carteri, vt clarissimis ita breuissimis explicata. Huic accessit, ob artium ingenuarum inter se cognationem, Guilielmi Buclaei Arithmetica.]
I shal disceyue them by sum mene ...
Disaster Declarations: Where is FEMA in a Time of Need, Full Hearing of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, First Session
Don Fray Antonio de Sotomayor, por la gracia de Dios, y de la Santa Sede Apostolica, Arçobispo de Damasco, Inquisidor general en todos los Reynos y señorios de su Magestad, su Confessor, e de su Consejo de Estado, &amp;c.; Por quanto considerando los graves in
Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004 - March 13, 2003
All in all by Samuell Ward
[Shield device with motto "Sursum" and imprint of William Stansby]
[Device and imprint of Reyner Wolfe of London]
Divesting Saddam : freezing, seizing, and repatriating Saddam's money to the Iraqis ; hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and investigations of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, firs
Dual distribution. Hearings, Eighty-ninth Congress, first [-second] session, pursuant to S. Res. 40 [191]. Part 2
Direct broadcast satellite service in the multichannel video distribution market : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, May 8, 2003
Essai sur le caractere et les mœurs des François comparées a celles des Anglois.
A manual of common law : comprising the fundamental principles and the points most usually occurring in daily life and practice
[Anti-Coton, or, A Refutation of Cottons letter declaratorie] [lately directed to the Queene Regent, for the apologizing of the Iesuites doctrine, touching the killing of kings : a booke, in which it is proued that the Iesuites are guiltie, and were the
Direct to consumer advertising (DTC) : hearing before the Subcommittee on Consumer Affairs, Foreign Commerce, and Tourism of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, July 2
Anno xxxix. reginae Elizabethae at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the xxiiij. day of October, in the xxxix. yeere of the reigne of our most gracious soueraigne lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God of England, France, and Ireland queene, d
Per huius cedule et signi traditione[m] ecclesiaru[m] Rectoribus Innotescat hanc presente[m] prese ferente[m] deuote ut f... priuilegio aptico sa[n]cti Sp[irit]us hac in p... omnium peccatorum suorum ...
Patrikon doron, or, A legacy to his sons being a miscellany of precepts, theological, moral, political, oeconomical, digested into seven centuries of quadrins
[Device and imprint of Thomas Vautrollier of London]
Of the lavves of ecclesiasticall politie Eyght bookes. / By Richard Hooker
Departments of Transportation, Treasury, the Judiciary, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2007 - April 27, 2006
Drought conditions : hearing before the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, August 20, 2002
[A boke made by Iohan Fryth, prysoner in the Towr of London] [answering vnto. M. Mores letter, which he wrote against the fyrst lytle treatyse that Iohan Fryth made concerning the sacrament of the body and bloud of Christ: vnto which boke are added in th
DOD Supply Chain Management: Can the Department Identify and Meet its Supply Needs Efficiently, Hearing before the Panel on Defense Acquisition Reform of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, First Sess
In hoc volvmine continetur omnes anni Regis Henrici Quarti ab anno primo vsque ad annum decimum quintum, non modo impressorum, sed etiam manu scriptorum exemplarium collatione emedati, et iam nouiter impressi opera &amp; impensis Richardi Totteli, 1575
Development in Lincoln County, Nebraska; designate wilderness in Oregon; and restoration of appropriate forest cover on forest land : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Lands and Forests of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resourc
Suspiria spiritualia : de sacris Dominicae passionis mysteriis : de vera poenitentia hominis christiani ; una cum enthusiasmo, sive divino animae raptu per orationem e gall. latine reddita ab Joan. Theod. Schoenlino
Does the U.S. have a policy toward Latin America? : assessing the impact to U.S. interests and allies : hearing before the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Twelfth Congress,
Pauncefort's Athenæum! Music hall ... First time this season of the new and romantic play of Ingomar! The barbarian or, the greek maiden ... Tuseday evening, June 7, 1859 ... to conclude with the laughable farce of A Kiss in the dark.
[Thomas Snodham's imprint and device with the motto, "God is my helper"]
Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004 - Material Submitted by Agencies Not Appearing for Formal Hearings
An account of the remains of the worship of Priapus : lately existing at Isernia, in the kingdom of Naples: in two letters ; one from Sir William Hamilton, K.B. His Majesty's Minister at the Court of Naples, to Sir Joseph Banks, Bart. President of the Royal Society ; and the other from a person residing at Isernia: to which is added, a discourse on the worship of Priapus, And its Connexion with the mystic Theology of the Ancients. By R.P. Knight, Esq.
The sermons of the Reverend Dr. Jonathan Swift : Dean of St. Patrick's, Dublin. Carefully corrected.
The beauties of English poesy. : Selected by Oliver Goldsmith. In two volumes. ...
A defence of the College of G--------w, against an insidious attempt to depreciate the ability and taste of its professors.
An act for dividing and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, on the south and west parts of the river Leam, in the manor and parish of Lemington Priors, in the county of Warwick.
An essay to prove, that the long continuing of one and the same Parliament, endangers the liberty of the people; and that when a mixt government degenerates into tyranny, it is more lasting, and more destructive of the constitution of a country, than the most despotick government of a single person.
An act for dividing and inclosing the open and commonfields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds in the parish of Loughton, in the county of Bucks.
To the Queen's most excellent Majesty, the humble petition of Hugh Speke, Esq.
An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds in the parish of Woughton on the Green, in the county of Bucks.
The argument of Doctor Croke, in the High Court of Admiralty : (27th November 1799,) in the case of the Hendrick &amp; Maria, Johan Christen Baar, master, upon the question of the validity of a sentence of condemnation, whilst a vessel is lying in a neutral port. Taken in short hand by T.N. Mendham.
An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons within the Lordship or liberty of Rempstone, in the county of Nottingham.
The law of costs in civil actions : By William Tidd ...
An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and meadows of Stow, within the parish of Threekinghan, in the county of Lincoln.
Mast, Crowell and Kirkpatrick. Publishers of Farm &amp; Fireside, Our Young People, Springfield, Ohio.
Excerpts from the letters which passed betwixt the Earl of Caithness and Lord Woodhall ... but a letter, wrote by Lord Murkle ... is first taken in ... as also, excerpts of the other letters produced.
Hymn. : "They are in peace."
The age of credulity : a letter to Nathaniel Brassey Halhed, Esq. M.P., in answer to his testimony in favour of Richard Brothers. With an appendix ... By the author of "The age of infidelity" - and other tracts.
The emigrants, a poem, in two books. By Charlotte Smith.
Emma Corbett : or, the miseries of civil war. Founded on some recent circumstances which happened in America. By the author of Liberal opinions, Pupil of pleasure, Shenstone Green, etc.
Theosebia. A vision.
Helen Potter's Pleiades. Programme for this evening. ... M.T. Skiff, manager. ...
La [sic] Dunciade, ou la guerre des sots. Poëme.
A necessary discourse concerning the right which the house of Guyze pretendeth to the crowne of France. Faithfully translated out of the French Discours sur le droit prétendu par ceux de Guise sur la couronne de France. Stemmatum Lotharingiae ac Barri
To the Kings most excellent Maiestie in the Parliament now assembled. The humble petition of the apprentices, and those whose time of apprentiships are lately expired in and about the Citie of London. Humble petition of the apprentices, and those whose
An essay for the recording of illustrious providences wherein, an account is given of many remarkable and very memorable events, which have happened in this last age, especially in New-England
A Letter to a friend upon the dissolution of the late Parliament, and the calling of a new one together with a list of those that were against making the Prince and Princess of Orange, King and Queen
Answers for James Sturrock and William Morgan merchants and guild brethren in the town of Aberbrothock, for themselves, and as commissioners authorised and appointed by the guild brethren of the said burgh, and for Robert Wilkie dean of guild of the said burgh, elected by the guildry thereof; to the petition of the magistrates and town-council of the burgh of Aberbrothock.
Feare of losing the old light. Or, A sermon preached in Exeter. By Thomas Fuller, B.D. Feare of losing the old light Sermon preached in Exeter
To the King's Most Excellent Majesty, together with the Honourable Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament the husbandman's advocate
Circular of the Special Committee on China, Glass &amp; Earthenware, appointed by the executive committee of the Mississippi Valley Sanitary Fair, to be held at Saint Louis, May 17th, 1864. : the undersigned, a special committee on porcelain, glass, &amp;c.;, would most respectfully appeal to you for contributions of goods in your special line of trade or manufacture, for and in behalf of our brave soldiers ...
Paules accidence Iohannis Coleti theologi, olim decani diui Pauli, aeditio, vna cum quibusdam G. Lilii Grammatices rudimentis. Aeditio Iohannis Coleti theologi, olim decani diui Pauli, aeditio Grammatices rudimentis
[Paruulorum institutio ex Stambrigiana collectione
D. Ioannis Aepini liber de purgatorio. Satisfactionibus. Remissione culpae &amp; poenae... Liber de purgatorio
A cluster of grapes taken out of the basket of the woman of Canaan. Or, Counsel and comfort for beleeving soules, comming to Christ and meeting with discouragement. Being the summe of certain sermons preached upon Matthew 15. from verse 22. to verse 29
A receipt how to make a right Presbyterian in two days
Quaeries propounded to George Fox and his ministers to answer from a paper wrote by George Fox, intituled An epistle from the people called Quakers to all people to read over
A collection of speeches of the Right Honourable Henry late Earl of Warrington, viz. I. His speech upon him being sworn mayor of Chester, in November, 1691. II. His speech to the grand-jury at Chester, April 13. 1692. III. His charge to the grand-jury
Childrens bread or, A briefe forme of Christian doctrine, necessary for the instruction of such as are ignorant; and for the edification of such as have attained some measure of knowledge. By Tho: Wolfall minister of the Gospel, and pastour of Stanerton
Certaine letters declaring in part the passage of affaires in the Palatinate, from September to this present moneth of April Together, with the articles of agreement betweene the princes of the Vnion and the Lord Marquis Spinola
A treatise tending vnto a declaration, whether a man be in the estate of damnation, or in the estate of grace and if he be in the first, how he may in time come out of it: if in the second, how he may discernet it, and perseuere in the same to the end
The measures of Christian obedience, or, A discourse shewing what obedience is indispensably necessary to a regenerate state, and what defects are consistent with it, for the promotion of piety, and the peace of troubled consciences by John Kettlewell
The flovver of fame Containing the bright renowne, &amp; moste fortunate raigne of King Henry the viii. Wherein is mentioned of matters, by the rest of our cronographers ouerpassed. Compyled by Vlpian Fulwell. Hereunto is annexed (by the aucthor) a short
Confusion confounded: or, A firm way of settlement settled and confirmed. Wherein is considered the reasons of the resignation of the late Parlament, and the establishment of a Lord Protector
A true discoverie of the ground of the imprisonment of Francis Ellington, Thomas Cocket, and Edward Ferman
The examination of the constante martir of Christ, Iohn Philpot, Archdeacon of Winchester, at sundry seasons, in the tyme of hys sore imprisonemente, conuented and baited as in these particular tragedies folowynge, it maye (not only to the christen
The grounds and reasons of monarchy considered in a review of the Scotch story, gathered out of their best authours and records
A Pacquet of intelligence from New-Providence in the province of the Bahama Islands in America in two parts wherein the miserable state of the said province and people inhabiting the same for the space of four years under the tyranny of an indigent
A comment on the times, or, A character of the enemies of the church. Written by Thomas Wall, Mr. in arts and minister of Jesus Christ. Character of the enemies of the church
Carnal reason, or The wisdom of the flesh how foolish, deceitful, dangerous, reprobate and divilish; together with rectified reason, or the wisdom of the spirit, how divine, transcendent, safe, profitable and delightful: as also, how many was at first
Cincinnati Gazette Co. newspaper &amp; job printing establishment : the daily, tri-weekly, and weekly enlarged to extra mammoth size! Each paper equal to three hundred pages octavo! ... Edited by J.C. Wright, C.J. Wright, and L.B. Bruen. ...
The Clothiers reply to the Dutch interloper, and reasons for a Hamburgh Company
An epistle of tender counsel &amp; advice to all that have believed the truth every where, to exhort them to faithfulness thereunto
[Josephi antiquitatem judaicarum specimen
P. Ovidii Nasonis Opera, veterum exemplarium auxilio ab infinitis mendis emendata Henrici Glareani annotationes in Metamorphosin, &amp; ad verba, &amp; ad res intelligendas magni vsus. Praetereà Longolij, quae lectorem plurimum in impeditis locis iuuare
Joyfull nevves from the Princes fleet at sea; containing a narrative of the several fights and ingagements, between the two Navies, the Bristoll Men of War, and the London and Yarmouth Marchants, since the first of Aprill 1649. With the resolution of
Duplies for James Sturrock, William Morgan and others, merchants and guild-brethren of Aberbrothock, pursuers, to the replies for the magistrates of that burgh, defenders.
Act discharging any to travel thorow the Highlands, with more persons than the law allows. Edinburgh, the tenth day of October, 1678
Instructions for deputy lievtenants which are members of the House of Commons, and other lievtenants of several counties concerning the last propositions: together with the names of the commissaries, who are to inroll and value the horses and armes
Anno primo Reginae Elizabethe At the parliament begunne at Westminster, the. xxiii. of Ianuary, in the fyrste yeere of the raigne of our soueraigne lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of Englande, Fraunce, and Irelande, Queene, defender of the fayth
To the meek and open hearted lambes, and flock of heaven, in meekness of love with greetings of peace from the seat of infinite mercy; tendered unto, and sent to be read among them all, who live in the humble state
Alphabetum Latino Anglicum
A heavenly conference between Christ and Mary after His resurrection. Wherein the intimate familiarity, and near relation between Christ and a believer is discovered. Christs interest in his Father, a believers interest in Christ
Quantitative Methods in Proteomics
Daughters of the Union northern women fight the Civil War
Clinging to Mammy : The Faithful Slave in Twentieth-Century America
Westlaw eforms: Massachusetts State Courts and Agencies
Reasons humbly offered, for bringing in a bill for prohibiting the importation of foreign buttons made of hair, and all other foreign buttons whatsoever
Legal Opinion Letters Formbook
Lawsuit Filings–Mississippi
A list of the horse under the command of William Earl of Bedford Lord Russell of Thorn-haugh, nominated and appointed, lord generall of the horse, imployed for the defence of the Protestant religion, the safety of His Majesties person, and of the
Litigation Preparation–Arizona
Litigation Preparation–Hawaii
Kentucky Blue Sky Combined
Lawsuit Filings–Kentucky
Litigation Preparation–Oklahoma
The anatomy of Arminianisme: or, The opening of the controuersies of these times (formerly handled in the Low-Countries) concerning the doctrine of prouidence, of predestination, of the death of Christ, of nature and grace, &amp;c.; By Peter du Moulin
Kansas Taxation Statutes
A pastoral letter writ by the Right Reverend Father in God, Gilbert, Lord Bishop of Sarum, to the clergy of his diocess, concerning the oaths of allegiance and supremacy to K. William and Q. Mary
Lawsuit Filings–Kansas
The first booke of Homer's Iliads Translated by Thomas Grantham, professor of the speedy way of teaching the Hebrew, Greek, and Latine tongues in London, at the Golden-Ball in Carter-Lane. Iliad
Kentucky Workers' Compensation Statutes
The workes of that faithfull and painefull preacher, Mr. Elnathan Parr ... Plaine exposition upon the ... epistle of Saint Paul to the Romans
Liens and Civil Judgments–Tennessee
Letters of affaires love and courtship. Written to several persons of honour and quality
An Historical account of the heroick life and magnanimous actions of the most illustrious Protestant Prince, James, Duke of Monmouth containing an account of his birth, education, places and titles : with his great and martial atchievments in Flanders
A sermon preached before the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor and the aldermen of the City of London at Guild-Hall Chappel, Octob. 31, 1680 being the XXI Sunday after Trinity
Liens and Civil Judgments–Nebraska
The horrors and terrors of the hour of death and day of judgment that seize upon all impenitent and unbelieving sinners. With some holy directions, teaching all that set their faces Sion-ward how to sit and prepare themselves for their great change. And
[Li]ntoun address revived, to His Highness the then Prince of Orange now monarch of Great Britain, &amp;c;
The wonderful history of an enchanted castle, kept by giant Grumbo, the most humane &amp; tender hearted giant in the known world.
A Common-Councell holden the first day of May 1660 ordered by this court that the Kings Majesties letter and declaration directed to this court, &amp; now read, be forthwith printed &amp; published, [countersigned] Sadler
Louisiana Regulation Tracking
Massachusetts Practice Series: Family
Portiforium seu breuiarium ad vsum i[n]signis ecclesie Sarum castigatum, correctu[m], suppletum: ac nu[n]c priuis secu[n]du[m] verissimu[m] ordinalis exe[m]plar [...] Breviary (Salisbury
Law and Practice of Insurance Coverage Litigation
Legal Guide to Human Resources
Liens and Civil Judgments–New York
Allestree 1628 a new almanack and prognostication, for the ye[a?]re of our Lord God 1628 and from the Creation 5590, being bissextile or leap-yeere : calculated and properly referred to the longitude &amp; sublimity of the pole Articke of 52 &amp; 53 deg
Louisiana Criminal Trial Practice Formulary
Massachusetts Statutes–Unannotated
Litigation Preparation–Georgia
Louisiana Civil Law Treatise: Insurance Defense
Lawsuit Filings–Puerto Rico
A collection of several relations and treatises singular and curious of John Baptista Tavernier, Baron of Aubonne not printed among his first six voyages
Litigation Preparation–Kansas
Kentucky Administrative Hearing Procedure Rules
Massachusetts Court Rules
Lawsuit Filings–Massachusetts
Lawsuit Filings–Ohio
Litigation Preparation–Ohio
The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour Iesus Christ newly translated out of the originall Greeke, and with the former translations diligently compared and reuised ; by His Maiesties speciall command. Bible. N.T. English. Authorized. 1615
Louisiana Insurance Statutes, Regulations, and Bulletins
Massachusetts Blue Sky Combined
KeyRules Discovery–New Mexico–Federal
Louisiana Texts, Periodicals, and Legal Forms
Brachygraphie, post-writt. Or, The art of short-writing Where most letters consist of single stroakes or motions of the pen, in best formes of penship. The practice is speedy and pleasant, betters the hand for hands of best approued use, and is
Here foloweth a compendyous story, and it is called the exemple of vertu in the whiche ye shall fynde many goodly storys [et] naturall dysputacyons bytwene foure ladyes named Hardynes, Sapyence, Fortune, and Nature. Compyled by Stephyn Hawys one of ye
Massachusetts Insurance Statutes
Riders 1659 Brittish Merlin ... made and compiled for the benefit of his countrey by Schardanus Riders
Marcus Tullius Ciceroes thre bookes of duties to Marcus his sonne, turned out of latine into english, by Nicolas Grimalde. Wherunto the latine is adioyned. Cum priuilegio ad imprimendum solum. De officiis
Massachusetts Estate Planning and Probate Forms, Clauses, and Checklists
The life and funeral sermon of the Reverend Mr. Thomas Brand Dr. Samuel Annesley
Refugee Status in Islam Concepts of Protection in Islamic Tradition and International Law
Frequently Asked Questions in Quantitative Finance
Body Dysmorphic Disorder A Treatment Manual
Divergence in European Welfare and Housing Systems
The Anthropology of Sport and Human Movement A Biocultural Perspective
International Trade with Equilibrium Unemployment
Beautiful Death Jewish Poetry and Martyrdom in Medieval France
When Children Don't Sleep Well Interventions for Pediatric Sleep Disorders, Parent Workbook
Fourier Transform Methods in Finance
Food, Power, and Resistance in the Andes Exploring Quechua Verbal and Visual Narratives
Investment Leadership and Portfolio Management The Path to Successful Stewardship for Investment Firms
Mrs. Abigail ; or an account of a female skirmish between the wife of a country squire, and the wife of a doctor in divinity. With remarks thereupon ; containing some free thoughts on the pretended quality and dignity of the clergy. In a letter to a person of quality.
Embedding Evidence-Based Practice in Speech and Language Therapy International Examples
Handbook of Biological Dyes and Stains Synthesis and Industrial Applications
Environmental Social Science Human - Environment interactions and Sustainability
Between Law and Diplomacy The Social Contexts of Disputing at the World Trade Organization
Writing Blackness John Edgar Wideman's Art and Experimentation
Inequality in Living Standards since 1980 Income Tells Only a Small Part of the Story
Playing Bigger Than You Are How to Sell Big Accounts Even If You're David in a World of Goliaths
Current Technologies to Increase the Transdermal Delivery of Drugs
Health Care in the United States Organization, Management, and Policy
Berakhyah Ben Natronai ha-Nakdan, Sefer Ko'a? ha-Avanim (On the Virtue of the Stones). Hebrew Text and English Translation. With a Lexicological Analysis of the Romance Terminology and Source Study
Basil of Caesarea's Anti-Eunomian Theory of Names Christian Theology and Late-Antique Philosophy in the Fourth Century Trinitarian Controversy
Aesthetics and Modernity Essays by Agnes Heller
Getting Started with Oracle BPM Suite 11gR1 - A Hands-On Tutorial
The Microsoft Data Warehouse Toolkit With SQL Server 2008 R2 and the Microsoft Business Intelligence Toolset
What Democrats Talk about When They Talk about God Religious Communication in Democratic Party Politics
Knowledge, Reason, and Taste Kant's Response to Hume
Lost Bodies
Practicing Organization Development A Guide for Leading Change
Targeting Protein Kinases for Cancer Therapy
In the Crossfire Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary
John Buridan Quaestiones super libros De generatione et corruptione Aristotelis A Critical Edition with an Introduction
Sediment Cascades An Integrated Approach
Memorials, &amp;c.; relating to the union of the King's and Marischal colleges of Aberdeen. 1755.
English Presbyterianism, 1590-1640
Sexual Orientation and U.S. Military Personnel Policy An Update of RAND's 1993 Study
From Film Adaptation to Post-Celluloid Adaptation Rethinking the Transition of Popular Narratives and Characters across Old and New Media
I.N. Webster's marble and granite works, cemetery enclosurers, grates, mantels, floor tilting, etc. Everything done in best of style. Northwest cor. 6th and Walnut Sts. Des Moines, Iowa.
Migration and Culture
Unity 3D Game Development by Example Beginner's Guide
Perinatal Stem Cells
Playing Ball with the Boys the Rise of Women in the World of Men's Sports
WTO - Technical Barriers and SPS Measures
Athalia. An Oratorio : or sacred drama. As perform'd at the theatre in Oxford. At the time of publick act, in July, 1733. The musick compos'd by Mr. Handel. The drama by Mr. Humphreys.
Machiavelli's Ethics
Corporate Governance Regulation How Poor Management is Destroying the Global Economy
Recent Catholic Philosophy The Twentieth Century
Literacy and schooling
Case Examples of Music Therapy for Mood Disorders
Recent Social Trends in Bulgaria 1960-1995
Classroom Interactions in Literacy
Supporting Students with Literacy Difficulties
Religio bibliopolæ : or the religion of a bookseller: which is likewise not improper to be perus'd by those of any other calling or profession.
Case Examples of Music Therapy for Schizophrenia
Relation of Writing to Spoken Language
Die Volkssprachen als Lerngegenstand im Mittelalter und in der frühen Neuzeit Akten des Bamberger Symposions am 18. und 19. Mai 2001
The Banggai Cardinalfish Natural History, Conservation, and Culture of Pterapogon kauderni
A Reference Grammar of Russian
Order of exercises at the thirty-first anniversary of the Philomathean Society of Phillips Academy, Andover, Friday evening, July 25th, 1856. : [One line in Greek].
Trajan Optimus Princeps
Wendell Phillips in defence of William Lloyd Garrison. : a letter "expurgated" by the Independent. The following letter, in reply to the Independent's calumnious denunciation of William Lloyd Garrison as "an infidel of a most degraded class" (see that paper for Jan. 3, 1856, and also recent numbers, in which the charge of "infidelity" is malignantly and falsely reaffirmed), having been denied a place in the journal, as a whole it has been deemed proper to give it to the public in this form. The parts which the Independent printed are discriminated from those which it excluded. ...
The centaur not fabulous. : In six letters to a friend. On the life in vogue.
The sixteenth epode of Horace, imitated: and addressed to the people of England.
An account of a most dreadful, sudden and amazing fire : that unfortunately happened near Exeter-Change in the Strand, on Saturday last, about midnight, which burned down &amp; destroyed above threescore dwelling houses, besides many other extreamly damnified to the loss of 80000 l. With a true list of the names of those persons, who suffered most by this sad calamity.
The law of arbitration : being the Arbitration act, 1889, with notes of statutes, rules of court, forms and cases, and an index
An abridgment of all the statutes now in force, relative to the revenue of excise in Great Britain
The art of patience : and balm of Gilead under all afflictions. An appendix to The art of contentment. By the author of The whole duty of man.
Specimen number of Graham, with the compliments of the publisher. : Graham's magazine, for 1851. ...
Excursion to Leominster! : the Fitchburg Musical Association, will give a grand concert, at the town hall, in Leominstr [sic], on Friday eve., Jan. 28, 1853, an extra train of cars will be run over the Fitchburg &amp; Worcester Railroad, on this occasion. ...
The speaker : or, miscellaneous pieces, selected from the best English writers, and disposed under proper heads, with a view to facilitate the improvement of youth in reading and speaking. A new edition, corrected and enlarged. To which are prefixed two essays: I. On elocution. II. On reading works of taste. By William Enfield, LL. D. Embellished with four elegant plates.
Entertainment at the vestry of the Church of the Unity, for the benefit of the Discharged Soldiers' Home, (Springfield Street,) on Monday evening, March 23, 1863.
The Spanish Protestant martyrology : By Michael Geddes ...
Boston Theatre ... Parepa-Brignoli grand Italian opera ... April 1st, 1867 ... April 2d ...
Letters to a Member of the British Parliament : on the absurdity of popular prejudices ; the causes of the present high price of food ; ... and the measures most proper for securing future plenty. By Thomas Parsons.
Shakspeare's King John, a historical tragedy, revised by J.P. Kemble. And now first published as it is acted by Their Majesties servants of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. November 15, 1800.
Review the inspection and increased importation of Canadian market swine and pork products : hearing before the Subcommittee on Livestock, Dairy, and Poultry of the Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first ses
Safety of aging nuclear powerplants : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, November 10, 1987
Revision of IRS tax deductions for the arts : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, August 4, 1983
Sale of criminal history records : hearing before the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, July 30, 1992
Witchcraft discovered and punished. Or, The tryals and condemnation of three notorious witches, who were tryed [at] the last assizes, holden at the castle of Exeter, in the county of Devon: where they received sentance for death, for bewitching several
South African restrictions : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions Supervision, Regulation and Insurance of the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on H.R.
Southeast interstate low-level radioactive waste management compact : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on S. 1749 ... Columbia, South Carolina, September 6, 1983
Science and math education : hearing before the Subcommittee on Science, Research, and Technology of the Committee on Science and Technology, U.S. House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, February 10, 1984
RICO Amendments Act of 1991 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Intellectual Property and Judicial Administration of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session on H.R. 1717 ... April 25, 1991
S. 171, Department of the Environment Act : hearing before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, on S. 171, to establish the Department of the Environment, provide for a Bureau of Environm
Section 8 housing : waste and mismanagement : hearings before the Employment, Housing, and Aviation Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, July 26, and October 6, 1994
Small business environmental compliance : hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, June 2, 1993--Providence, RI
Safety of pesticides in food : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and the Environment of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, on H.R. 2342, a bill to amend and revise the Feder
Social security treatment of cash tips : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, July 24, 1990
Social security coverage for employees of religious organizations : hearing before the Committee on finance, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on S. 2099, December 14, 1983
Vaccinia Virus and Poxvirology: Methods and Protocols
Soviet disruption of mail service : hearings before the Subcommittee on Postal Operations and Services of the Committee on Post Office and Civil Service, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress .... Part 1
Social Security Miscellaneous and Technical Improvements Act of 1982 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, H.R. 7326 ... December 6, 198
Science and technology : cooperation between the United States and China : hearings before the Special Subcommittee on U.S. Trade with China of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, October
Riots, civil and criminal disorders : hearings before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Government Operations, United States Senate Part 17
Rockefeller report on Latin America. Hearing, Ninety-first Congress, first session. Nov. 20, 1969
San Carlos Apache Tribe Water Rights Settlement Act of 1991: Joint Hearing before the Select committee on Indian Affairs United States Senate and the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, First
A sermon preached in Christ-Church, Cork, in the kingdom of Ireland, upon the 23d of April, 1696 being the day appointed for a publick thanksgiving to Almighty God for the preservation of His Majesty's sacred person, and these nations, from the late
Rural cellular non-wireline licensing : hearing before the Subcommittee on Communications of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, second session ... January 27, 1988
Scientific fraud : hearings before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, May 4 and 9, 1989. Part 2
Social Security Administration's management of data communications contracts with Paradyne Corp. : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session .... Part 2
S. 1920, Small Business Computer Crime Prevention Act : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on S. 1920, Small Business Computer Crime Prevention Act, March 7, 1984
SEC reorganization. Hearing before the Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce, House of Representatives, Eighty-seventh Congress, second session, on S.2135, an act to authorize the Securities and Exchange Commission to delegate certain functions. M
Social security disability reviews : a federally created state problem : hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, June 20, 1983
Sales tax and fair trade practices. Hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on interstate and foreign commerce, House of representatives, Seventy-fifth Congress, third session, on H. R. 4214. to regulate sales in interstate commerce; H. R. 4722,
Selected tax provisions in the administration's Health Security Act : hearings before the Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, December 14, 1993; February 8and 9
Revision of Trading with the enemy act : markup before the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, June 16, 17, and 20, 1977
The catalogve of the Hebrevv saints, canonized by St. Paul, Heb. 11th further explained and applied. Catalogue of the Hebrew saints canonized by St. Paul
Rising cost of health insurance and U.S. competitiveness : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second sessio
Dissertatio lithologica : variis observationibus &amp; figuris illustrata
Social security trust fund surpluses : hearing before the Task Force on Economic Policy, Projections, and Revenues of the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, May 18, 1988
An English dictionary explaining the difficult terms that are used in divinity, husbandry, physick, philosophy, law, navigation, mathematicks, and other arts and sciences ... together with the etymological derivation of them from their proper fountains
Roundtable discussion on the economics of health care : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Third Congress. Part 3
The moderate intelligencer impartially communicating martiall affairs to the kingdom of England. Moderate intelligencer (Dillingham : 1649
Lord have mercy upon us, or the visitation at Oxford: Begun Aprill the 11. 1648. Visitation at Oxford
Plaza de Armeas, authorised Royal Havana Lottery. Cuba. Prizes cashed and orders received by Geo. Upham, no. 63 North Main Street, Providence, R.I. ...
The popes nevv=years gift, anno 1622. Containing a discoverie of the abuses of the Romane clergie
To adjust by conference between the two Houses, the number of persons each House shal elect
Savings and loan fraud : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session, on the federal government's efforts to prosecute savings and loan fraud, July 24, 1990
An apology for Christopher Syms gent. and his way and method of teaching the effect thereof, and his end therein, against many foule and false aspersions. VVherein and whereby is averred and maintained that all persons, who can see, heare and speake
The shipwrack of all false churches: and the immutable safety and stability of the true Church of Christ. Occasioned: by Doctour Chamberlen his mistake of her, and the holy scriptures also, by syllogising words, to find out spirituall meanings, when in
Wit and eloquence: or the accomplish'd secretary's vade mecvm
A censure upon Lilly's grammar wherein, besides a discourse of the reason of education, are shewn, the contradictons, falsities and false words, omissions, repetitions, superfluous rules, and misplaced words in our grammar
Solid waste management in New Jersey : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commerce, Transportation, and Tourism of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, January 11, 1984
Stem Cell Mobilization: Methods and Protocols
A new remonstrance and declaration from the army, to the Kings Majesty, and the Prince of Wales; and their message, proposals, and protestation, for the conducting of His Majesties royall person from the Isle of Wight, to His palace at Westminster, in
Mistere des Jesuites pour induire quelqu'une a prendre resolution de tuer un Roy
General and rare memorials pertayning to the perfect arte of nauigation annexed to the paradoxal cumpas, in playne: now first published: 24. yeres, after the first inuention thereof
To the electors of the City of London
A sermon preach'd at St. Mary-Le-Bow to the Societies for Reformation of Manners, June 28, 1697
The science of government : as exhibited in the institutions of the United States of America
Small disadvantaged business issues : hearings before the Investigations Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, hearings held July 10 and 11, 1991
Troilus and Cressida, or, Truth found too late a tragedy, as it is acted at the Dukes Theatre : to which is prefix'd, a preface containing the grounds of criticism in tragedy
Yet more vvorke for a Masse-priest. Published by the author of the other bookes More worke for a Masse-priest Worke for a Masse-priest
Poems by Michael Drayton Esquyre Poems
Man driven out of the earth and darkness, by the light, life, and mighty hand of God where in plain and simple truths are brought to light, that so the cause of stumbling may be taken from before the eyes of the rulars
Linx Brittannicus, or Contemplations upon the present condition of the kingdome. Contemplations upon the present condition of the kingdome
Report from the majority of the commissioners appointed to revise and simplify the statutes of the state.
Counsellor Manners his last legacy to his son enriched and embellished with grave adviso's, pat histories, and ingenious proverbs, apologues, and apophthegms. By Josiah Dare
The saints everlasting rest, or, A treatise of the blessed state of the saints in their enjoyment of God in glory wherein is shewed its excellency and cetainty, the misery of those that lose it, the way to attain it, assurance of it, and how to live in
A declaration and vindication of the Lord Mayor, aldermen and commons of the City of London in Common-councell assembled. Ordered at a Common-Councel holden in the chamber of the Guild-hall of the City of London the 30 day of April 1660. that this
The wisdom of God manifested in the works of the creation being the substance of some common places delivered in the chappel of Trinity-College, in Cambridge
A Letter to a friend occasioned by my Lord Howard of Escricks letter to his friend with his protestation at the receiving the Blessed Sacrament in the Tower, July 3, 1681
The country-man's guide or plain directions for ordering. Curing. Breeding choice, use, and feeding. Of horses, cows, sheep, hoggs, &amp;c.; Adorn'd with sculptuers, shewing the proper places in the bodies of the said several beasts, where the said
The victorious proceedings of the Protestant armie in Ireland vnder the command of the Right Honourable Maj. Gen. Iones, in his late expedition against the Irish rebels. Wherein is set forth, severall great overthrowes, given to the said rebles, since
A letter to the Reverend Dr. Henry Sacheverell. On occasion of his sermon, and late sentence pass'd on him by the Honourable House of Lords. By a Cambridge-gentleman.
A new prologue relating to the Act at Oxford. With an epilogue, touching the model and form of the intended Theatre in the Hay-Market. Together with an epilogue spoken by a girl of four years old
A Just rebuke of a late unmannerly libel in defence of the court entituled Cursory remarks upon some late disloyal proceedings &amp;c;
A briefe declaration for what manner of speciall nusance concerning private dwelling houses, a man may have his remedy by assise, or other action as the case requires Vnfolded in the arguments, and opinions of foure famous sages of the common law
Reasons humbly offered to the Honourable House of Commons, against laying the same duty on vinegar made from English, as from foreign materials. Case of the makers of vinegar from malt
Night. ---- An eclogue.
AEsopi Phrygis fabulae. Jam recenter ex collatione optimorum exemplarium emendatiùs excusae. Unà cum nonnullis variorum authorum fabulis adjectis. Et indice correctiori praefixo. Aesop's fables. Latin
A collection of English proverbs digested into a convenient method for the speedy finding any one upon occasion : with short annotations : whereunto are added local proverbs with their explications, old proverbial rhythmes, less known or exotick
A discourse touching choyce of religion By Sr. Richard Tempest Baronet
Guide to the Law and Legal Literature of Venezuela
From the Charlestown, (Mass.,) advertiser of Dec. 26, 1870. The Pilgrim Fathers and their principles. : On the 22d of last month, we had a Pilgrim celebration at Boston, and next week, on the 21st of December, "Forefathers' Day," will be celebrated at Plymouth in earnest. ...
Rathbun House. Free 'bus to and from all trains, day and night. Centrally located. The only first class house in the city. Elmira, N.Y. George Hayt &amp; Son, proprietors.
Imagine otherwise : on Asian Americanist critique
Reibold's Beckel House, Louis Reibold, propr. Dayton, Ohio.
Out of work.
A letter to the French refugees concerning their behavior to the government.
Instructions for children.
Worcester Co. Mechanics Association. ... Feb. 1st, 1872 ...
Idle fictions : the Hispanic vanguard novel, 1926-1934
On national education, as bearing on crime : being an appendix to a recent pamphlet on the mark system of prison discipline
A memorial of Colonel Muller, cencerning [sic] the Swiss regiment he had directions to raise for the service of Great Britain in 1781. Addressed to Parliament.
Dissertatio de variolis : or, a discourse concerning the small-pox. With a persuasive for inoculation. By Richard Franklin ...
Reward of merit. This certifies that [Appleton G.] by diligence and good behaviour, merits my approbation and esteem. [Peleg P Thompson] inst.
The connoisseur. By Mr. Town, critic and censor-general.
Out in this cold world alone. : Nobody's darling.
History of the hat-trimmings controversy
Constable, Wood y Ca. Manila ...
The American settler's guide : a popular exposition of the public land system of the United States of America
A memorial to the clergy of the Church of England : relating to their conduct since the Revolution. Together with some advice to them upon the present state of affairs. By a clergyman.
The works of Alexander Pope, Esq ; Vol. I. Part I.
Advertisement. : What means this gay and happy throng? What means these sights so rare? Why sing we now our merry song, and tell about the fair? ...
St. Denis Hotel and Taylor's Saloon. European plan. Broadway &amp; 11th Street, New York. Wm. Taylor &amp; E.A. Gilson. Proprietors. ...
First use of nuclear weapons : under the Constitution, who decides?
Estimate of the probable resources and disbursements of the Bengal government, from the 30th April 1785 to the 1st May 1786.
Miscellanies : by Henry Fielding Esq ; In three volumes.
Order of exercises on the occasion of the IX. exhibition of the Norfolk Agricultural Society, September 30, 1857, at Rev. Dr. Burgess' church.
The Renaissance, 1493-1520
List of subscribers and benefactors to the Philanthropic Society : instituted in September 1788, for the prevention of crimes and the reform of the criminal poor.
Daniel Webster
A treatise on the statute of limitations (21 Jac. I. c. 16.)
The important enquiry. : Addressed to The Professors of every Denomination of Christians in Great-Britain and Ireland.
Emmanuel Levinas 100 Proceedings of the Centenary Conference (Bucharest, September 2006)
Pleading and forms : a practical treatise on the system of common law pleading, supplemented with numerous precedents of declarations, pleas, replications, and court orders, now in use in the state of West Virginia
The law student, or, Guides to the study of the law in its principles
Kubla Khan
Sketch of an act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United States
A new and practical exposition of the Apostles Creed : Wherein each article is fully explained, The most material Objections stated and answer'd, And a proper Dissertation, to illustrate the Whole, annex'd to each Section, and fitted for the Use of private Families. Together with an introduction containing a short historical account of the design and origin of creeds. By Thomas Stackhouse, M.A. Vicar of Beenham in Berkshire, and Author of the History of the Bible, and the Complete Body of Divinity.
Disputatio medica inauguralis, de febre puerperarum. : Quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Gulielmi Robertson, S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; Nec Non Amplissimi Senatus Academici consensu, Et nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae decreto, pro gradu doctoris, Summisque In Medicina Honoribus AC Privilegiis Rite ET Legitime Consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Gulielmus Simpson, Anglus. Soc. Med. Edin. Sod. Ad diem 24. Junii, hora locoque solitis.
An important secret come to light. : Or, the States General's reasons for refusing to guaranty the Ee of H-r, and to act offensively against France in the Netherlands, as lately proposed by the ministers of G.B. Being The Arguments used by Mynheer-at a Conference held the beginning of October last at the Hague, with two B-h Noblemen, justifying the Neutrality of the United Provinces.
Speeches: Literary And Social
Completion of contracts by mail or telegraph
The shopkeeper's and tradesman's assistant : being a new and correct alphabetical list of all the stage-coaches, carriers, coasting vessels, &amp;c.; containing An Account of the several Inns in London where the Coaches and Carriers put up and go out from ; the Days of the Week, and Hours of those Days, when they set out ; Also the Counties in which those Places lie, and their Distances in Miles from the Standard in Cornhill, London. With An Account of the Coasting Vessels, Barges and Boats, with the several Wharfs, Keys and Stairs where they usually lie to take in Goods and Passengers. Also the Rates paid to Carmen for the Carriage of Goods, together with their Orders and Ordinances, as settled by the Lord Mayor, &amp;c.; at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the City of London, at the Guildhall. The Whole being well digested, is designed as a proper Assistant for Shopkeepers, Tradesmen and others, who have Occasion to write, or send Goods into the Country.
The Federalist : on the new Constitution, written in the year 1788
News from Madrid. : the Spanish beauty: or, the tragicomical revenge. Interspers'd with the humours of a merry tinker, in conveying off the Bodies of Three murder's Fryars. A poem. By Ed. Ward.
The object of the labor movement
The Federal Judiciary Acts of 1875 and 1887 : with an appendix containing the equity rules
Some considerations occasioned by a postscript from the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Bangor to the Dean of Chichester, offered to his Lordship. By Thomas Sherlock, D.D. Dean of Chichester, Master of the Temple, and Chaplain in Ordinary to His Majesty
Exasperating Gift of Singularity Husserl, Levinas, Henry
Studia PhÃ¦nomenologica VIII (2008) Phenomenology and Literature
Anno Regni Georgii II. Regis Magn? Britanni?, Franci?, &amp; Hiberni?, vicesimo sexto. At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747. in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &amp;c.; And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eleventh day of January, 1753. being the sixth session of this present Parliament.
Phenomenology 2005, Volume 2, Part 2 Selected Essays from Latin America
An answer to a pamphlet ; entituled, The case of the Curate of Penrith's taking upon him the office of Church-Warden consider'd 1706. in a letter, from the Arch-Deacon of Nottingham, to the Bishop of Carlisle. In a letter to a person of quality. By Hugh Todd, D.D. Vicar of Penrith, and Prebendary of Carlisle.
Working Time around the World Trends in working hours, laws and policies in a global comparative perspective
A sermon preached before the Incorporated Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts : at their anniversary meeting in the parish church of St. Mary-le-Bow, on Friday February 15, 1744. By Philip Bearcroft, D.D. Chaplain in Ordinary to His Majesty, and Secretary to the Society.
Rules and orders of the Society instituted at London for the encouragement of arts manufactures and commerce.
The Black Man and his Visa
Dissertatio medica. Inauguralis, de animi affectionibus : quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Georgii Baird, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; Nec Non Amplissimi Senatus Academici Consensu, Et Nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae Decreto ; pro gradu doctoris, Summisque In Medicina Honoribus AC Privilegiis Rite ET Legitime Consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Jacobus Chew, Anglo-Britannus. Societat. Med. Edin. Soc. Extraord.
A short view of both reports, in relation to the Irish forfeitures. In a familiar dialogue between A. and B. Most Humbly Offer'd to the Consideration of Both Houses of Parliament.
Strictures upon modern simony : and the crime of Simon Magus ; or, an enquiry into Mr. Madan's account of simony, in his late Answer to the Faithful Narrative of Facts relative to the Presentation of Mr. H-'s to the Rectory of Aldwinkle in Northamptonshire: Tending to shew the Fallacy of his Reasoning upon the Ecclesiastical Laws ; and the Error of his Conscience concerning the Sanctity of Ecclesiastical Preferments: With various Observations on the Kingdom of the Clergy, comparing it with the Kingdom of Jesus Christ.
Wool encouraged without exportation ; or, practical observations on wool and the woollen manufacture. In two parts. Part I. Containing Strictures on Appendix No IV. to a Report made by a Committee of the Highland Society, on the Subject of Shetland Wool. Part II. Containing a Brief History of Wool, and the Nature of the Woollen Manufacture as connected with it. By a Wiltshire clothier, F.A.S.
The Blind Tour Guide Surviving and Prospering in the New Economy
Paris Chic, Tehran Thrills : Aesthetic Bodies, Political Subjects
Cameroon Anthology of Poetry
Phenomenology 2010, Volume 2 Selected Essays from Latin America : Traversing Multifarious Dimensions of Worldly Phenomenology
Evaluation of Certain Food Additives Sixty-ninth Report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Philadelphia 1726-1757: Articles Of Belief And Acts Of Religion
A sermon preached in the parish-church of Christ-Church, London ; on Thursday April the 26th, 1744. being the time of the yearly meeting of the children educated in the charity-schools, in and about the cities of London and Westminster. By the Right Reverend Matthew Lord Bishop of Bangor. Published at the Request of the Gentlemen concerned in the said Charity. To which is annexed, An account of the Society for promoting Christian Knowledge
The universal restoration exhibited : and general redemption refuted. In three dialogues. Dialogue I. Between Paul an Apostle, and winchester an Universalist. Dialogue II. Between an Universalist and Satan. Dialogue III. Between an Universalist and a Deist. Presented to the public, by R. Thomson.
A serious admonition to all despisers of the clergy. : In a sermon preach'd before The Right Reverend Father in god, William, Lord Bishop of Chester, at his triennial visitation held at Manchester, in the county-palatine of Lancaster, July 19. 1712. By Henry Newcome, A.M. Rector of Middleton in Lancashire.
Third Report of the Committee on Photochemistry Reprint and Circular Series of the National Research Council
The statutes at large : from the second year of the reign of King George the third to the end of the last session of Parliament. To which is prefixed, A table of the titles of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time. With a copious index. And an appendix, consisting of obsolete and curious acts, some of which were never before printed. Volume the ninth.
The dissenters sayings. : Published in their own words. I. Of Toleration, and the Fruits of it. II. The Dissenters harmony among themselves. III. Their Behaviour towards the Government, and first the Clergy. IV. The Dissenters Liberty of Conscience. V. The Power of the Kirk. VI. Tumults Encouraged by the Peaceable Ministers of the Gospel. Vii. Reformation by Blood. Viii. The Murther of the King Encouraged. IX. The King's Murther Justify'd. By Sir Roger L'Estrange, Deceas'd.
Ecological Revolutions Nature, Gender, and Science in New England
Soul of the Samurai
And the War Came The Slavery Quarrel and the American Civil War
Universal Declaration of Human Rights Origins, Drafting and Intent
Gettysburg--Culp's Hill and Cemetery Hill
The rape of Proserpine : from Claudian. In three books. With the story of Sextus and Erichtho, from Lucan's Pharsalia, Book 6. Translated by Mr. Jabez Hughes.
To the Queen's most excellent Majesty. The humble address of the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and commons of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled.
Phenomenology 2005, Volume 4, Part 2 Selected Essays from Northern Europe
Anti-Americanisms in World Politics
Natural Law The Scientific Ways of Treating Natural Law, Its Place in Moral Philosophy, and Its Relation to the Positive Sciences of Law
The Edinburgh Companion to Scottish Drama
The Paradox of Tar Heel Politics The Personalities, Elections, and Events That Shaped Modern North Carolina
Experimental Linguistics Integration of theories and applications
Gorgias
Genocide Approaches, Case Studies, And Responses
A treatise on the culture of wheat. : By William Dalrymple, Esq. Dedicated to His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence.
The sixth (and last) panegyric, or sermon in honour of Trinity-Sunday : almost fourteen hundred years old, of that most famous father of the church, St. Chrysostom ; translated from the Greek, and never before published in our Language. By the Rev. William Scott, A.M. Late Scholar of Eton, and Trinity College Cambridge.
Dreaming of Dixie How the South Was Created in American Popular Culture
Pennsylvania Studies in Human Rights : Shattered Voices : Language, Violence, and the Work of Truth Commissions
Printing and book culture in late Imperial China
Linguistic Variation and Change
The dibdin : or, Irish Nosegay. Being a complete collection of the best songs of every species, and adapted to persons of every kind of taste. Together with the most approved cantatas, sonnets, and airs, as sung at the theatres, and public gardens.
Postmodern Fairy Tales : Gender and Narrative Strategies
Diary
Interest Groups and Campaign Finance Reform in the United States and Canada
Cultural History of Cuba during the U.S. Occupation, 1898-1902
Unmarried Couples, Law, and Public Policy
Essays in Subjectivity, Individuality and Autonomy
American Creed Philanthropy and the Rise of Civil Society, 1700-1865
Won Cause
On Memory And Reminiscence
Foundations of Problem-based Learning
Between Two Cultures : The Case of Cambodian Women in America
iPad in Education For Dummies
The Popular Policeman and Other Cases Psychological Perspectives on Legal Evidence
Paths and Rivers Sa'dan Toraja Society in Transformation
Considerations on the poor laws
Mortgage precedents
The Theory and Practice of Online Learning
Jean Epstein Critical Essays and New Translations
An address to the inhabitants of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in the Lordship of Galloway : particularly to the magistrates and to the Kirk-sessions, respecting the laws relating to the poor : with an appendix containing the acts of Parliament and of the Privy Council of Scotland and other important documents relative to the poor
Supplement to the law of water-courses and sewers : containing the new cases and statutes to the present time
Social Movements in China and Hong Kong The Expansion of Protest Space
American Visions of the Netherlands East Indies/Indonesia US Foreign Policy and Indonesian Nationalism, 1920-1949
Inside the Politics of Technology Agency and Normativity in the Co-Production of Technology and Society
An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common called Holland Ward, otherwise Hollin Ward, in the county of Derby.
The nature and origin of civil liberty, with the means of its perpetuation : a discourse delivered at the request of the Hunterstown volunteers, in the church at Great Conowago, July 4th, 1823
A Key to the Treasure of the Hakim Artistic and Humanistic Aspects of Nizami Ganjavi's Khamsa
A full and impartial account of all the late proceedings in the University of Cambridge against Dr. Bentley : By a member of that University.
Instructions and regulations for the formations and movements of the cavalry.
A treatise on martial law : as allowed by the law of England, in time of rebellion : with practical illustrations drawn from the official documents in the Jamaica case, and the evidence taken by the Royal Commission of Enquiry, with comments, constitutional and legal
Ethnic Minorities and Regional Development in Asia Reality and Challenges
Theatre Coburn Hall, Skowhegan. ... Tuesday evening, June 22, 1869 will be presented ... Lady Audley's secret ; or The mystery of Audley Court. ... To conclude with ... A wife for a day ...
Of Reynaert the Fox Text and Facing Translation of the Middle Dutch Beast Epic Van den vos Reynaerde
Transnational Archipelago Perspectives on Cape Verdean Migration and Diaspora
Sound Souvenirs Audio Technologies, Memory and Cultural Practices
Precedents of conveyances and other instruments relating to the transfer of land to railway companies : with introductory matter and explanatory notes
Trial of Queen Caroline.
A litany for Lent
Jacobs ladder, or The protectorship of Sion, laid on the shoulders of the Almighty; in a description of the sufficiency of providence, suitable in these times of tentation. With Jacobs wrestling
Articles collected out of the rubrick of the Book of common-prayer, and other ecclesiastical laws now in force. For the help and assistance of the church-wardens and side-men (with the assistance of their ministers) of every parish within the
Dermot Astore. : Reply to "Kathleen Mavourneen."
Description abrégée du vase de Barberini : maintenant vase de Portland, et de la méthode que l'on a suivie pour un [sic] former les bas reliefs ; accompagnee de conjectures sur les sujets qui y sont representes. Par Josiah Wedgwood, Membre de la Societe Royale, &amp; de la Societe des Antiquaires ; Manufacturier en Porcelaine &amp; Queen's Ware de S.M. la Reine de la Grande Bretagne, &amp; de Messeigneurs les Ducs D'York &amp; de Clarence.
An elegy vpon the unhappy losse of the noble Earle of Essex
An ansvveare made by Rob. Bishoppe of VVynchester, to a booke entituled, The declaration of suche scruples, and staies of conscience, touchinge the Othe of the Supremacy, as M. Iohn Fekenham, by vvrytinge did deliuer vnto the L. Bishop of VVinchester
The case of the quo warranto against the city of London wherein the judgment in that case, and the arguments in law touching the forfeitures and surrenders of charters are reported
Diurnale Sarum Liturgies
Remarks on a paper : entitled, The case of the Forfeited Estates, &amp;c.;
An exact discoverie of Romish doctrine in the case of conspiracie and rebellion by pregnant obseruations: collected (not without direction from our superiours) out of the expresse dogmaticall principles of popish priests and doctors
To the high court of Parliament of the Common-wealth of England, Scotland, Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belonging. The humble petition of divers, in behalfe of themselves, and about fifteene hundred others (necessitous publike-faith lenders
Directions of the Generall Assembly concerning secret and private worship and mutuall edification, for cherishing piety, for maintaining unity, and avoiding schism and division. With an act for observing these directions, and for censuring such as use
Onomastikon brachy. Sive nomenclatura brevis, reformata adjecto cum syllabo verborum ac adjectivorum: unà cum duplici centenario proverbiorum Anglo-Latino-Graecorum: ac aliis nonnullis. In usum scholae Regiae Westmonasteriensis
Certaine orations and answeres made by Iohn Casimire Countie Palatine of Rhyne ... vnto the French king &amp; his embassadours in defence of ye maintenance of his peace, and Christian religion. Translated out of French. 1579
A guide for constables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, surveyors of the high-ways, treasurers of the county-stock, masters of the house of correction, bayliffs of mannovrs, toll-takers in fairs, &amp;c.; A treatise briefly shewing the extent and
A journal of the Swedish ambassy : in the years M. DC. LIII. and M. DC. LIV. from the commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Written by the ambassador the Lord Commissioner Whitelocke. With an appendix of original papers. In two volumes. ...
A treatise of the sphere : shewing how it is deriv'd from that theory which justly asserts the motion of the earth: as also of the projections of it, both orthographical &amp; stereographical ; Demonstrating their Properties from Fundamental Propositions, and shewing their Uses. With the Resolution of Astronomical and Chorographical Problems. By the late Reverend John Witty, M.A. and Chaplain to His Grace the Duke of Devonshire.
The history of Great Britain : from the Restoration, to the accession of the house of Hannover. By James Macpherson, in two volumes. ...
Eutropii histori? Roman? breviarium : ab urbe condita usque ad Valentinianum &amp; Valentem Augustos: ex recensione &amp; cum notulis Tan. Fabri. Ut et Sexti Aurelii Victoris de viris illustribus liber. In usum scholarum.
A little treatise concerning things indifferent in relation unto worship directed to the King and his council and all others who are concerned (or do think themselves so to be) in matters of religion : for them to weigh well, mind, and consider (if they
Dissertatio medica inauguralis : de strumis, quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri D. Joannis Gowdie, Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti, nec non Amplissimi Senatus Academici consensu, Et nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae decreto ; pro gradu doctoratus, Summisque in Medicina Honoribus et privilegiis rite et legitime consequendis. eruditorum examini subjicit Joannes Fallon A.M. Hibernus. Ad diem 19 Septembris, hora locoque solitis.
Paruulorum institutio ex Stanbrigiana collectione
Articles to be enquyred of in thordinary visitation of the most reuerende father in God, the Lord Cardinall Pooles grace Archbyshop of Cannterbury wythin hys Dioces of Cantorbury. In the yeare of our Lorde God. m.d.c.lvi Visitation articles. 1556
Dissertatio medica inauguralis : de scorbuto. Quam, annuente summo numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Gulielmi Robertson, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; necnon Amplissimi senatus academici consensu, Et nobilissimae facultatis medicae decreto ; pro gradu doctoris, summisque in medicina honoribus ac privilegiis rite et legitime consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Georgius Dunbar, A.M. Scoto-Britannus, Societ. Reg. Med. Edin. Praeses Annuus, Nec non Socius Extraordinarius. Ad diem 12. Septembris, hora locoque solitis.
Observations on the statutes for registering deeds : with a collection of cases upon the operation and intent of those statutes. To which are added, instructions for carrying them into effect ; and a great variety of memorial precedents, suited to the registries of Middlesex and York. By John Rigge, Deputy Register for Middlesex.
A seasonable word to the Parliament-men, to take with them when they go into the House: wherein is shewed, the first part of their present work, and what is expected from them, to satisfie their true and real friends. Likewise a vvatchword, how they
Crooked pathes made straight: or, The wayes of God made knowne to lost sinners, or bewildered saints Wherein is represented the severall conditions of a Christian in the spirit, as hee growes up out of weaknesse into strength, through death into life
Muscarium ad immissos à Jona Thamone calumniarum crabrones &amp; sophismatum scarabaeos censurae duacenae vindices, abigendos Authore Thoma Albio. Ut seductores, &amp; veraces
Pentalogia, sive tragoediarum Græcarum delectus : sive Tragoediarum Graecarum Delectus: cum adnotatione Johannis Burton. Editio altera. Cui observationes, indicemque Græcum longe auctiorem et emendatiorem, adjecit Thomas Burgess, A.B. c C.C.C. Tom. I.
Certaine sermons or homilies appoynted to be read in churches. In the time of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous memory. And now thought fit to be reprinted by authority from the Kings most excellent Maiesty. Certain sermons or homilies appointed to be
De rebus gestis Alexandri Magni
Carolina, or, Loyal poems by Tho. Shipman, Esq
Dissertatio medica inauguralis : de ictero. Quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Gulielmi Robertson, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti ; nec non Amplissimi Senatus Academici consensu, Et nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae decreto, pro gradu doctoris, Summisque in Medicina Honoribus ac privilegiis rite et legitime consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Joannes Cox, Anglus, Societatis Regiae Physicae [edinentis] Socius Honorarius. Ad diem 24. Junii, hora locoque solitis.
The Christians sacrifice Seene, and allowed
Dissertatio chemica inauguralis : de aere atmosphaerico ; quam, Annuente Summo Numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Georgii Baird, S.S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae Praefecti. Necnon Amplissimi senatus academici Consensu, Et Nobilissimae Facultatis Medicae Decreto ; pro gradu doctoris, summisque in medicinae honoribus ac privilegiis rite et legitime consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Thomas Thomson, Scotus. Ad Diem 12 Septembris, Hora Locoque Solitis.
The abridgement of the gardeners dictionary : containing the best and newest methods of cultivating and improving the kitchen, fruit, flower garden, and nursery ; as also for performing the practical parts of husbandry: together with the management of vineyards, and the methods of making wine in England In which likewise are included ; Directions for propagating and improving, From real Practice and Experience, pasture lands and all Sorts of Timber Trees. by Philip Miller, F.R.S. Gardener to the Worshipful Company of Apothecaries, at their Botanick Garden at Chelsea, and Member of the Botanick Academy at Florence.
Portiforium seu breuiarium ad vsum i[n]signis ecclesie Sarum castigatum, correctu[m], suppletum: ac nu[n]c prius s[e]c[un]d[u]m verissimu[m]; ordinalis exe[m]plar isuu[m] ordinem a peritissimis uiris redactu[m]: vna cu[m] directorii quod [et] Pica
Speculum uranicum, or, An almanack and prognostication for the year of our Lord God 1698 being the second from the bissextile ... : wherein is contained the state of the year, the eclipses, lunations, conjunctions, and aspects of the planets and
Dissertatio inauguralis de regionis calidæ in morbis inducendis effectibus : quam, annuente summo numine, Ex Auctoritate Reverendi admodum Viri, D. Georgii Baird, S S.T.P. Academiae Edinburgenae praefecti ; necnon Amplissimi senatus academici Consensu, et Nobilissimae facultatis medicae Decreto ; pro gradu doctoris, summisque in medicina honoribus ac privilegiis rite et legitime consequendis ; eruditorum examini subjicit Josephus Avellino Barboza, Americanus Brasiliensis. Societ. Reg. Med. Edin. Soc. Ad diem 24. Junii, hora locoque solitis.
Scholia in duas Isocratis orationes ad Demonicum &amp; Niccoclem. : Quibus eae ita illustrantur, ut ex earum Metaphrasi propriam ac simplicem vocum significationem, e Periphrasi earundem sensum varium ac elegantem discas, e Phrasibus egregiam tum Graece, tum Latine loquendi facultatem acquiras: e Graecismis, quantum Oratio Graeca peculiari quodam dicendi ornatu non solum a Lingua Latina, verum etiam a vulgari Graece loquendi modo differat, facile perspicias, e Sententiis morum integritatem ac sapienter vitae instituendae rationem percipas: ac denique ex omnibus hisce quaevis Graeca eleganter Latine interpretandi modum, ac non mediocre veram Latinitatem a falsa &amp; barbara discernendi judicium compares. Editio septima. Studio &amp; Opera G. Sylvani, Pannonii Medici.
A voyage to Arabia fœlix Through the Eastern Ocean And the Streights of the Red-Sea : being the first made by the French in the years 1708, 1709 and 1710. Together with A Particular Account of a Journey from Mocha to Muab, or Mowahib, the Court of the King of Yaman, in their Second Expendition, in the Years 1711, 1712, and 1713. Also a narrative concerning the tree and fruit of coffee. Collected from the Observations of those who made the last Voyage ; and an Historical Treatise of the Original and Progress of Coffee, both in Asia and Europe. Translated from the French. To which is added, an account of the captivity of Sir Henry Middleton at Mokha, by the Turks, in the year 1612 ; and his Journey from thence to Zenan, or Sanaa, the Capital of the Kingdom of Yaman, with some Additions, particularly relating to that Country and the Red-Sea.
Olympia domata, or, An almanack and prognostication for the year of our Lord 1654 being the second from bissextile, or leap-year, and from the worlds creation 5603 : wherein is contained the state of the whole year, the eclipses, lunations
Spelling-Book for children : With a Short catechism.
A perswasive to the stricter observation of the Lords day in pursuance of His Majesties pious order and directions to preachers particularly about the observation of the Lord's day, &amp;c;
The troubled mans medicine very profitable to bee red of all men where in they may learn paciently to suffer all kindes of aduersitie made and written by William Hughe vnto a frende of his
Antiquitates ecclesiae orientalis clarissimorum virorum Card. Barberini, L. Allatii, Luc. Holstenii, Joh. Morini, Abr. Ecchellensis, Nic. Peyrescii, Pet. à Valle, Tho. Comberi, Joh. Buxtorsii, H. Hottingeri, &amp;c.; : dissertationibus epistolicis
The gentlewomans cabinet unlocked wherein is contained many excellent receipts for neat dressing of divers sorts of meats, both flesh and fish, with their proper sauces. Also directions for the best way of making pancakes, fritters, tansies, puddings
A reply to Kersey Graves' comparison between protection and free trade in the United States
The life and trial of F.H. de la Motte : a French spy, for high treason, at the Sessions-House in the Old-Bailey, on Saturday the 14th of July 1781, and was hang'd, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn, on Friday the 27th following. Taken in short hand by J. Williams, Esq. of the Temple.
Death-bed confessions of the late Countess of Guernsey, to Lady Anne H******* : developing a series of mysterious transactions connected with the most illustrious personages in the kingdom ; to which are added, the Q--'s last letter to the K--, written a few days before Her M--'s death, and other authentic documents, never before published.
The development in Pennsylvania of constitutional restraints upon the power and procedure of the legislature : the President's address delivered before the Pennsylvania Bar Association
The law of contracts in restraint of trade, with special reference to "trusts"
Fourth annual address of the New York State Society for the Abolition of Capital Punishment.
Newgate of Connecticut : its origin and early history : being a full description of the famous and wonderful Simsbury mines and caverns, and the prison built over them : to which is added a relation of all the incidents, insurrections, and massacres, connected with their use as a prison for the Tories during the Revolution and otherwise : with interesting sketches of their surroundings, in (now) East Granby : also an illustrated description of the state prison at Wethersfield
United Kingdom Civil Procedure–Miscellaneous
A compendious introduction to the Latin tongue collected from the best grammarians both antient and modern, with useful observations on the whole. By William Pittman, D.D. Chaplain to his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, and late Fellow of King's Coll.
Texas Family Law Statutes
A scourge for rebels wherin are many notable seruices truly set out, and thorowly discoursed of, with euerie particular point touching the troubles of Ireland, as farre as the painfull and dutiful seruice of the Earle of Ormound in sundrie sortes is
Qaestiones [sic] in philosophia discutiendae sub Henr: Dunstero praeside, Col: Harvard: Cantab: N:-Angl: in comitiis per inceptores in artib: nono die sextilis M. DC. LIII
A musical entertainment perform'd on November XXII, 1683 it being the festival of St. Cecilia, a great patroness of music, whose memory is annually honour'd by a public feast made on that day by the masters and lovers of music, as well in England as in
Placita Parlamentaria una cum judiciis forensibus sive sententiis diffinitivis desuper latis, regnantibus Edwardo Primo &amp; Edwardo Secundo Angliae Regibus : quibus appendix subjicitur annexa : contines collectionem quorundam exemplarium, sive
A true relation of an imposition layed by the late king upon the manufactures of gold &amp; silver-wyer to be used in the making of gold &amp; silver thred, &amp;c.; : Which was voted by the grand Committee of Parliament to be a monopoly
Uniform Commercial Code Records–Delaware
Articles to be enquired of in the visitatio[n], in the first yeere of the raign of our most dread soueraign ladie Elizabeth by the grace of God, of England, France, and Ireland Queene, defender of the faith, &amp;c.; Anno Dom. 1559. Visitation articles. 1559
The necessity of serious consideration, and speedy repentance, as the only way to be safe both living and dying. By Clement Elis
IRA man : talking with the rebels
Texas Construction Law Forms
A Declaration of the Right Honourable, the Lord Marquis of Hartford, read in the House of Commons upon Saturday last wherein he doth declare his resolution to oppose the Earl of Worster and his army of papists and to adventure his life for the
A form of prayer to be used next after the prayer in the time of war and tumults throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed, in all churches and chappels at morning and evening prayer as often as there is divine
Tennessee Practice Series: Legal Forms
UCC, Lien, and Civil Judgment Records–Mississippi
Uniform Commercial Code Records–California
Texas Forms Legal and Business
Texas Jurisprudence Pleading and Practice Forms 2d: Employment Law
Le dictionaire des huict langages C'est à scauoir Grec, Latin, Flamen, François, Espagnol, Italian, Anglois, &amp; Aleman: fort vtile &amp; necessaire pour tous studieux &amp; amateurs des lettr
Trade Secrets Throughout the World
The solemn voice of public events considered in a discourse from Zephaniah iii. : 6,7. relative to the appointment of the late general fast, On the 8th of March, 1797. By A. Maclaine, D.D.
Poems upon several occasions by Benj. Hawkshaw
Tennessee Practice Series: Elder Law
Dedicated to The Queen. : an essay on the immortality of the soul ; shewing The Fallacy and Malignity of a Sceptical one, lately published, together with such another on Suicide ; and both ascribed, by the Editor, to the Late David Hume, Esq.
Five sermons on the following subjects viz. The true nature of the Christian church, and the impossibility of its being in danger. The scripture idea of heresy. Mysteries made plain. The scripture doctrine of atonement. The place, object, and manner of Christian worship. By George Rogers, M.A. Rector of Sproughton, in Suffolk, and late fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.
The Several informations of Mr. Simeon Wright, Thomas Launders and Richard Perkin concerning the horrid Popish Plot in England : and the several ways that have been used to take off the Kings witnesses, and to hinder the further discovery of it : the
Ancilla pietatis, or, The hand-maid to private devotion presenting a manuell to her mistresse furnished with instructions, hymnes and prayers fitted to the [brace] daies of the weeke, feasts, fasts [brace] of the church
My Lord Newarks speech to the trained-bands of Nottingham-shire at Newark, 13. July. 1642. Concerning His Maiesties commission of array. Speech to the trained-bands of Nottingham-shire at Newark, 13 July, 1642
Romae antiquae notitia, or, The antiquities of Rome in two parts ... : an account of the religion, civil government, and art of war, with the remarkable customs and ceremonies, publick and private : with copper cuts of the principal buildings, &amp;c.; : to
A goodly treatise of faith, hope, and charite necessary for all Christe[n] me[n] to know and to exercyse themselues therein tra[n]slated into englyshe Profitelic en troostelic boexken. English
UCC, Lien, and Civil Judgment Records–New Hampshire
The principles of the Christian religion explained : in a brief commentary upon the Church-Catechism. By the most Reverend Father in God, William Wake, D.D. Late Lord Archbishop of Canterbury.
A grand abridgment of the common and statute law of England alphabetically digested under proper heads and titles very usefull and beneficiall for all persons whatsoever that desire to have any knowledge in the said laws : in four parts
Mirabilis annus secundus, or, The second year of prodigies being a true and impartial collection of many strange signes and apparitions, which have this last year been seen in the heavens, and in the earth, and in the waters : together with many
Mr. John Dunton's dying groans from the Fleet-Prison : or the national complaint, that the author of Neck or nothing has gone twelve years unrewarded, for his Early, Bold, and Successful Venture of Life and Fortune, in detecting his Majesty's Enemies when plotting in the Royal Palace to restore the Pretender, as 'twas represented, In an Humble Petition to his Majesty, that Mr. Dunton might not be left to Starve in a Jail, for the Debts he has contracted in serving The Royal Family: This Petition proving to our Gracious Sovereign, that 'tis Sir Robert Walpole's Duty, and Place (as First Lord of the Treasury) to see Publick Services rewarded, but more especially Mr Dunton's, as his Honour formerly acknowledg'd them in a Noble Present of Guineas, and by a Solemn Promise to see him further Rewarded, the Non-Performance whereof (it his Honour prove so ungrateful to a Man that ventur'd his All in the Service of his King and Country) will not only lay Mr. Dunton's utter Ruin at Sir Robert Walpole's Door, but will blacken his Name and Character to the World's End, as is sully prov'd in this Petition to his Majesty, which was sent to Sir Robert Walpole as soon as Printed, with a Promise it should never be publish'd, if this Knight of the Bath and Garter, will do Mr. Dunton that common Justice to inform his Majesty how long the Author of Neck or Nothing has gone unrewarded for his Distinguish'd Services to his King and Country. His Majesty's first Speech from the Throne. I will never forget the Obligations I have to those that have distinguish'd themselves by their Zeal and Firmness to the Protestant Succession, against all the Open and Secret Practices that have been used to defeat it.
Texas Jurisprudence Pleading and Practice Forms 2d: Insurance Defense
Royal tracts in two parts : the first, containing all the select speeches, orders, messages, letters, &amp;c.; of His Sacred Majesty, upon extraordinary occasions, both before, and since his retiring out of England : the second, containing Imago regis, or
A true and exact relation of the great victory obtained by General Schults over Count Teckely in the Upper Hungaria, on the 20th of Septemb. 1684. Together with an account of the battle between the Duke of Lorraine and the Serasquier Bassa before Buda
By the King. a Proclamation against the opression of the clergy by the intrusion of factious and schismaticall persons into their cures and inverting and detaining their tithes, and possessions by orders of one or both Houses of Parliament, contrary to
This day is published : number I. Price one shilling. (to be continued weekly.) And, part I. Price ten shillings and sixpence, (containing no. I. to X. inclusive,) of The gardener's and botanist's dictionary ; containing The best and newest Methods of cultivating and improving the Kitchen, Fruit, Flower Garden, and Nursery ; of performing the Practical Parts of Agriculture ; of managing Vineyards, and of propagating all Sorts of Timber Trees. By the late Philip Miller, F.R.S. Gardener to the Worshipful Company of Apothecaries at their Botanic Garden in Chelsea, and Member of the Botanic Academy at Florence. To which are now first added, A complete Enumeration and Description of all Plants hitherto known, with their Generic and Specific Characters, Places of Growth, Times of flowering, and Uses both Medicinal and Oeconomical. The whole corrected and newly arranged, With the Addition of all the modern Improvements in Landscape Gardening, and in the Culture of Trees, Plants and Fruits, Particularly in the various Kinds of Hot-Houses and Forcing Frames: With plates explanatory both of them, and the Principles of Botany. By Thomas Martyn, B.D.F.R.S. Regius Professor of Botany in the University of Cambridge. Printed for F. and C. Rivington, No 62, St. Paul's Church-Yard ; and the rest of the proprietors. Conditions. I. This Work will make two large Volumes in Folio, and be handsomely printed on a new Pica Letter, and fine Demy Paper. II. A Number, containing Four Sheets, will be delivered every Saturday, stitched, Price One Shilling, until the Whole is completed. III. For the Convenience of those who prefer a more speedy Mode of Publication, this Work will also be delivered in Parts, each containing Forty Sheets, sewed in blue Paper, Price Ten Shillings and Sixpence. A Part will be delivered at the End of every Ten Weeks. IV. In the Course of the Work will be given, Gratis, a Set of Copper Plates, elegantly engraved, exhibiting a general Illustration of the Science of Botany. Also various Plans, and Designs for Green-Houses, Stoves, Ice-Houses, &amp;c.; &amp;c.;
Another bloudy fight at Colchester in Essex, between the forces commanded by Sir Charles Lucas, Col. Washington, and Col. Lunsford, and the Lord Generall Fairfax's with the Generals' message to the L. Goring, and his Lordships answer thereunto
Laws of Australia: Business Organizations
The history of John Duke of Marlborough : Prince of Mindelheim, Captain-General and Commander in Chief of the Armies of Her Britannick Majesty and the States of the United Provinces, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Master of the Ordnance, &amp;c.; Including a more exact, impartial, and methodical Narrative of the late War upon the Danube, the Rhine, and in the Netherlands, than has ever yet appeared. Compiled from authentick journals, without Regard to any Former Attempt of the same Nature. By the author of The history of Prince Eugene.
A looking-glasse of the world, or, The plundred man in Ireland. His voyage, his observation of the beasts of the field, of the fishes of the sea, of the fowls of the aire, of the severall professions of men, &amp;c;
Texas Headnotes
Censura cleri, or A plea against scandalous ministers, not fit to be restored to the churches livings in point of prudence, piety, and fame. By a true lover of the Church of England in doctrine, ceremony and discipline. Plea against scandalous ministers
Tennessee Corporations
Tennessee Insurance Administrative Code
A letter to the Right Honourable Sir R-- W---, &amp;c.; upon the present posture of affairs, wherein, amongst other things, the convention will be set in a clear light. Calculated for the Information of all true Lovers of their Country, &amp;c.; By Caleb Danvers, Esq
Remarks on prisons and prison discipline in the United States
Tennessee Practice Series: Elements of an Action
Hickledy-pickledy: or, The Yorkshire curates complaint. To the tune of Alas, poor scholar, &amp;c.; Yorkshire curates complaint Alas, poor scholar
West's Tennessee Statutes–Annotated
Texas Jurisprudence: Insurance Defense
Monsieur Pascall's thoughts, meditations, and prayers, touching matters moral and divine as they were found in his papers after his death : together with a discourse upon Monsieur Pascall's, Thoughts ... as also another discourse on the proofs of the
A Discourse presented to those who seeke the reformation of the Church of England wherein is shewed that the new church discipline is daungerous both to religion, and also to the whole state : together with the opinions of certaine reverend and learned
U.K. Civil Procedure Forms–Admiralty and Maritime
Remarks on some eminent passages in the life of the famed Mr. Blood in a letter to a person of quality, written upon the occasion of the late tryall, relating to His Grace the Duke of Buckingham
Murther will out: or, an unrighteous discharge, no security to the murtherer Demonstrating, that notwithstanding those great endeavours, which Sir Harbotle Grimstone, (with the rest of his brethren) used in the second tryal of Mr. Crosby, to secure him
The second part of the Booke of Christian exercise, appertaining vnto resolution. Or, A Christian directory, guiding all men to their saluation. Written by the former author, R.P. Booke of Christian exercise Christian directory guiding all men to their
Diacosio-martyrion. id est ducentorum virorum testimonium, de veritate corporis, et sanguinis Christi, in eucharistia, ante triennium aduersus Petrum martyrem, ex professo conscriptum. Sed nunc primum in lucem aeditum. Ioanne Whito Anglo Colloegij
Uniform Commercial Code State Variation Service
The Irish rebellion, or, An history of the beginnings and first progress of the general rebellion raised within the Kingdom of Ireland upon the three and twentieth day of October, in the year 1641 together with the barbarous cruelties and bloody
A sermon on the happy recovery of His Majesty King George the Third. : Preached at Maze Pond, Southwark, April 26, 1789, by James Dore. Published at Request.
Some reasons and causes of the late seperation [sic] that hath come to pass at Philadelphia betwixt us, called by some the Seperate [sic] Meeting and others that meet apart from us more particularly opened to vindicate and clear us and our testimony in
The Bible, that is, the Holy Scriptures, conteined in the Old and New Testament translated according to the Hebrew and Greeke, and conferred with the best translations in diuers languages. Bible. English. Geneva. 1600
Tennessee Environment Cases and Administrative Materials
Articuli ad narrationes nouas pertin[entes] formati Articuli ad Narrationes novas pertinentes formati
Cheap Repository : the history of Jonathan Griffin and William Peterson. Pointing out An Asylum to the Destitute.
UCC, Lien, and Civil Judgment Records–Rhode Island
The isle of Wight's garland : in three parts. Part I. The Outlandish Lady's Love to an English Sailor. Part II. The Lady's Love discover'd (by her Waiting-Maid to her Father. Part III. The wandering Lady's Return ; or, the stony Heart softened.
Cato : a tragedy by Mr. Addison. = Il Catone tragedia del signore addison tradotta da Anton Maria Salvini gentiluomo fiorentino.
The young clerk's magazine: or, English law-repository : Containing, A Variety of the most useful Precedents of Articles of Agreement, Bonds, Bills, Recognizances, Releases, Letters and Warrants of Attorney, Awards, Bills of Sale, Gifts, Grants, Leases, Assignments, Mortgages, Surrenders, Jointures, Covenants, Copartnerships, Charterparties, Letters of Licence, Compositions, Conveyances, Partitions, Wills, and all other Instruments that relate to Publick Business. With Necessary Directions for making Distresses for Rent, &amp;c.; as the Law Between Landlord and Tenant now stands. To which is added, The Doctrine of Fines and Recoveries, and their Forms. Together with Those of Common Writs, Affidavits, Memorials for registering Deeds, &amp;c.; in Middlesex ; as also a choice Collection of Declarations in the King's Bench and Common Pleas.
His Majesties most gracious speech to both Houses of Parliament, on Munday the 9th of November, 1685
The pensive maid: or, The virgins lamentation for the loss of her lover. For seven year a space she patiently did bear, the absence of her love, as you shall hear, at length sad tydings came that he was slain, ... they never more should meet again. Tune
A defence of English commodities. : Being an answer to the Proposal for the universal use of Irish manufactures, and Utterly rejecting and renouncing every Thing that is Wearable that comes from England. Frangimur si Collidimur. To which is annexed, An elegy upon the much lamented death of Mr. Demar, the famous Rich Man, who Died at Dublin the 6th Day of July, 1720. Written by Dean Swift.
A litle treatise, conteyning many proper tables and rules very necessary for the vse of al men, the contentes wherof appere in the next page folowing. Collected and set forthe by Richard Grafton. 1571
Anno XXIIII Henrici VIII. Actis made in the session of this present parlyamente, holden uppon prorogation at Westmystre, the .IIII. daye of Febrruarie, in the. XXIIII. yere of the reygne of our moste dradde souerayne lorde kynge Henry the. VIII
A medicine for the times. Or, An antidote against faction. Written, by T.J. Containing these cures, viz. 1. How to cure a man that hath a factious spirit. 2. How to cure a woman so possessed. 3. A new and direct experiment, to know the kings-evil. 4
A sermon preached at the funeral of Mary Terese of Austria, Infanta of Spain, Queen of France &amp; Navarre, at St. Denis, Sept. 1, 1683 by Monsieur James Benigne Bossuet ... Oraison funèbre de Marie-Thérèse
Poetical recreations consisting of original poems, songs, odes, &amp;c.; with several new translations : in two parts
Texas Forms: Family
Severall remarkable passages concerning the Hollanders since the death of Queene Elizabeth, untill the 25th of December, 1673 Some animadversions thereupon, in answere to a scandulous pamphlett called Englands appeale to the Parliament, from the private
Llyfer plygain Book of common prayer
A letter to Archibald Hutcheson, Esq : Member of Parliament for Rye in Sussex. Shewing the insufficiency Of His Scheme For the Payment of the Publick Debts. To which is added, A Scheme Presented to the House of Commons in February 1717, on Occasion of His Majesty's Speech, concerning the Reduction of the Debts: With a Vindication of the said Sheme, and State of the Coin and Credit, as it stood in March last. With proper Remarks on the Whole.
A Full relation of the great defeat given to the Cornish Cavalliers, by Sergeant Major Generall Chudley. Confirmed by divers letters from those parts to severall merchants in London
Uniform Commercial Code Official National Forms
The reformation, in which is reconciliation with God and his people or, I. Subjection to the state remonstrated: viz. That all that receive protection ought to yield subjection to this present power; (the old Protestants doctrine) opposite to that of
Uniuersis christifidelib[us] ad quos pñtes littere puenerint in charitate &amp; dilectiõe dñi nri Jesu xpi ex parte Michaelis de Palealogo fratris
George Ioye confuteth, Vvinchesters false articles George Joye confuteth, Winchesters false articles
Epistola Medio-Saxonica, or, Middlesex first letter to His Excellency, the Lord General Cromwell together with the petition concerning tythes and copy-holds of inheritance, presented to the supremam authority, the Parliament of England. Wherein the
Two letters: the first, being a relation of a sad accident that fell out at Erpingham neer Norwich July 2. shewing how a fire-ball fell from the heavens into the parish church there, broke down part of the steeple and several places in the church-wall
A sermon preached at the consecration of the new church at Hackney : on Saturday, July 15, 1797. Before the Right Rev. Beilby, Lord Bishop of London. By J. Symons, Rector of Whitburn, Durham.
The delicate songster : or, entertaining companion: being an entire new collection of the very best songs ever wrote, And Calculated for the nicest Eye or Ear. With an index. Containing the Choicest that have been sung at all the genteel Places of public Diversion, &amp;c.;
The great frost. cold doings in London, except it be at the lotterie. With newes out of the country. A familiar talke betwene a country-man and a citizen touching this terrible frost and the great lotterie, and the effects of them. the description of
Texas Insurance Statutes–Related Titles
This coming to my hand, and reading it over, savouring it to come from a pure fountain, ... How sin is strengthened, and how it is overcome
His Majesties declaration, directed to all persons of what degree and qualitie soever, in the Christian world with a letter from divers godly ministers of the Church of England to the assembly of the Kirk of Scotland, shewing the cause of these troubles
Argalus and Parthenia the argument of ye history. Newly perused perfected and written by Fra: Quarles. Arcadia
The right of the sovereign in the choice of his servants : Shewing the necessity of the present change of the ministry, and the folly and design of the last. With A List of the Ministers and Officers displac'd soon after Sacheverell's Tryal, and of the Persons put in their Room. To which is Added, Some Seasonable Considerations on the ensuing Elections for Members of Parliament. In a letter to the Mayor of B--- in the country of S----
Articles or demands made by the Kings most Excellent Majestie to the gentry and commonalty of the county of Salop, on Saturday the 8. of October. 1642. With an exact answer to every particular therein presented to His Majesty at Shrewesbury the same
Law teachers' manual of the analysis of cases and the use of law books
Dr. Martin Luther's and Mr. John Calvin's opinion concerning the Trinity : from the original. With several Texts of Scriptures, proving the Lord Jesus Christ to be one and the same God with the Father. With a preface by a divine.
A vision: wherein is manifested the disease and cure of the kingdome. Being the summe of what was delivered to the Generall Councel of the Army, Decemb. 29.1648. Together with a true copie of what was delivered in writing (the fifth of this present
The resolution of the Hollanders concerning their fisher-men in the Northern seas; with the peoples arming themselves; their threatning declaration against their magistrates; and Vantrumps returning into the Downs with above a hundred sail, and his
Texas Blue Sky Combined
An Exact account of the Kings march to Ardee and of his forcing the Irish to abandon the pass of the River Boyne, and of what hapn'd in the passage, as also of the Irish army's retreat towards Dublin and of our army's pursuit of them : with an address
A sermon preach'd before Her Majesty the Queen Dowager in her chappel at Somerset-House, upon the fifth Sunday after Easter, May 9, 1686
The balm of Gilead for the wounds of England applyed in a sermon preached at Westminster, before the honourable House of Commons, at the late solemn fast, August 30, 1643
A compleat history of Ireland : from the earliest accounts to the present time ; ... By J.H. Winne ...
To the worthy &amp; independent freemen of the city of York : Gentlemen, before you engage your Votes and Interest to Lord Gallway and his new Friend, be so good as to put the following plain Questions to his Lordship: Has your Lordship made a surer Bargain for your Ambassadorship to Munich than formerly? How soon does your Lordship mean to enter upon your Voyage to the Continent? Do you mean to leave the City of York unrepresented in that Event? Are you to divide your Interest at Pontefract with your Brother canvasser Is it in Gratitude to Mr. Milnes for not accepting the Offer of the Inhabitants of Pontetract against your Lordship's Burgage-Tenure Interest before the last Election, that you now take him by the Hand at York? As a Friend to a Reform in Parliament, Have you, in Pursuance of your repeated Declarations, given up your Burgage-Tenure Pretensions to Pontetract? Or will you again take the Opinion of another Committee of the House of Commons upon your pretended Right, in direct Contradiction to those Declarations? When does your Lordship mean to fix your Political Character and Principles? Does your Lordship apprehend that Mr. Milnes's studied Harangue for the prerogative of the Crown, and Secret Influence against the Privileges of the People and House of Commons, will recommend your Lordship and him to the Notice of the Independent Freemen of York? When his Lordship gives you satisfactory Answers to these plain Questions, you will do well to give his Lordship such Encouragement as you know his personal Merits and Character, and the Respect with which he treats his Constituents deserve. I am, Gentlemen, with great Truth, a friend to consistency.
Uniform Commercial Code Records–Indiana
The French schoolemaster shewing the true and perfect way of pronouncing the French tongue to the furtherance of those who desire to learn it
Texas Forms: Business Entities
Texas Rules Update Orders
Act for a new supply out of the Land-Rent Edinburgh, the fourth of May, 1693. Acts. 1661-05-04
Poems upon several occasions with a voyage to the island of love : also The lover in fashion, being an account from Lydicus to Lysander of his voyage from the island of love
An Abridgment of the prerogatives of St. Ann, mother of the mother of God with the approbation of the doctors at Paris, and thence done into English to accompany The contemplations on the life and glory of Holy Mary, and the defence of the same, with
A sermon preached before the honourable House of Commons, at St. Margaret's Westminster, January 30th,1698
The agreemente of sondry places of scripture seeming in shew to iarre, seruing in stead of commentaryes, not onely for these, but others lyke, translated out of French, and nowe fyrst publyshed by Arthure Broke. Seene and allowed, accordyng to the ordre
The doctrine of the Sabbath wherein the first institution of the vveekly Sabbath, with the time thereof, the nature of the law binding man to keepe it, the true grounds, and necessity of the first institution, and of the observation of it, on the
United Kingdom Crime Archbold Supplement Commentary
Daughters of the Declaration How Women Social Entrepreneurs Built the American Dream
Roscoe's Digest of the law of evidence in criminal cases
Fetal Behaviour A Neurodevelopmental Approach
Business-to-business marketing
Brian Friel
Oracle Database XE 11gR2 Jump Start Guide
Learning Like a Girl Educating Our Daughters in Schools of Their Own
Hit To Kill The New Battle Over Shielding America From Missile Attach
Invention in the Real Papers of the Freudian School of Melbourne
Delivering Results in Qualitative Market Research
Toxic Effects of Nanomaterials
Bridge to Abstract Mathematics
Young Children Learning
Theatre in Passing A Moscow Photo-Diary
Boys Get Anorexia Too Coping with Male Eating Disorders in the Family
Fanning the Sacred Flame Mesoamerican Studies in Honor of H.B. Nicholson
Daniel Patrick Moynihan A Portrait in Letters of an American Visionary
Neuroanatomy of Social Behaviour An Evolutionary and Psychoanalytic Perspective
Study Skills A Teaching Programme for Students in Schools and Colleges
Mahara ePortfolios Beginner's Guide
Chance The Life of Games and the Game of Life
Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition 11g A Hands-On Tutorial
Effective School Leadership Responding to Change
Fatal System Error The Hunt for the New Crime Lords Who are Bringing Down the Internet
Norman MacCaig
Oil and Gas Industry A Nontechnical Guide
WordPress Plugin Development Cookbook
Helping Abused Children and Their Families
The Hitler Book The Secret Dossier Prepared for Stalin from the Interrogations of Otto Guensche and Heinze Linge, Hitler's Closest Personal Aides
Maritime Work Law Fundamentals Responsible Shipowners, Reliable Seafarers
Creating Gender-Fair Schools &amp; Classrooms Engendering Social Justice (for 5 to 13 Year Olds)
Blackbird''s Song Andrew J. Blackbird and the Odawa People
Family and Household Religion in Ancient Israel and the Levant
Green Energy and Technology
Understanding How Young Children Learn Bringing the Science of Child Development to the Classroom
Lisbon War in the Shadows of the City of Light, 1939-45
Texas Health Atlas
The almost Christian : a sermon preached at St. Mary's, Oxford, before the University, on July 25, 1741. By John Wesley ...
A refutation of the calumnies against the Lord Chancellor : contained in the last number of The quarterly review in an article upon the pamphlet entitled "The reform ministry and the reformed Parliament."
Robinson Crusoe.
Information for William Earl of Fife, pursuer, against James Farquharson of Invercauld, defender.
On the economy of the law : especially in relation to the Court of Chancery
The Dying Christian.
An hymn to the Supreme Being. With a preface, on the general design of it. By Mr. Bridges
Mirth and glee : or, the songster's favourite. A selection of the most admired songs that have been sung at the theatres, Vauxhall, Ranelaugh, &amp;c.; Including some Favourite Ones not in any other Collection. The Whole forming a pleasing Variety of Love, Hunting, War, Harvest, Baccanalian, Humourous, &amp;c.; Songs.
The case of Mr. Richard Holoway, one of the burgesses inhabiting the town of Christchurch, in the county of Southampton. Offered to the consideration of the burgesses ... of Hampshire.
Letters from an officer in the guards to his friend in England: containing some accounts of France and Italy.
A description of the lake at Keswick : (and the adjacent country) in Cumberland. In a letter to a friend.
A letter from a freeholder in the county of Edinburgh, to his friend in Edinburgh.
The Jennings Engraving Co. Stationers, engravers, printers. 1219-21 California Street Denver, Colo.
An Acrostic.
Bailments, carriers and sales : with questions, problems and forms and text of uniform sales act and uniform bills of lading act
Manual of laws relating to illegitimacy in Massachusetts
Powell's Principles and practice of the law of evidence.
Den Lesern des Readinger Democraten, und Anti-Freymaurer Herolds, beym Antritt des Jahrs 1830. : Ehrfurchtsvoll gewidmet vom Herumträger.
T. Lucretius Carus, of the nature of things, in six books, translated into English verse ; by Tho. Creech, A.M. late fellow of Wadham College in Oxford. In two volumes. Explain'd and illustrated with notes and animadversions ; being a compleat system of the Epicurean philosophy.
Hymn. : Tune--Old Hundred.
Memoirs of Guy Joli : private secretary to Cardinal de Retz ; Claude Joli, canon of Notre-Dame ; and the Dutchess de Nemours. These several histories form a supplement to, and an illustration of the memoirs of Cardinal de Retz. Translated from the original, by Edward Taylor. In two volumes. ...
Sheriff's sales. : By virtue of several writs of venditioni exponas and levari facias, issued out of the Court of Common Pleas of the county of Schuylkill, and to me directed, will be exposed to sale, by public vendue ...
Classical Greek Theatre New Views of an Old Subject
Ball's health preserving corsets with coiled wire spring elastic section. Every corset warranted satisfactory or money returned. ... Chicago Corset Co., Chicago, Ill. ...
Hymn.
Domination without dominance : Inca-Spanish encounters in early colonial Peru
Class fictions : shame and resistance in the British working-class novel, 1890-1945
Oroonoko : a tragedy, as it is now acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury-Lane. By Thomas Southern. With alterations by John Hawkesworth, LL. D.
The Compleat solemnity of St. Georges Day consisting in the morning preparation and magnificent proceeding, the solemn coronation and coronation oath : with the solemnities of serving the Kings table at the royal feast, and ceremonies of the challenge
Trigonometrie, or, The doctrine of triangles divided into two books, the first shewing the mensuration of right lined triangles, the second of spherical ... both performed by that late and excellent invention of logarithms ... : whereunto is annexed
An ample declaration of the Christian doctrine. Composed in Italian by the renowmed [sic] Cardinal: Card. Bellarmin. Translated into English by Richard Hadock, Doctor of Diuinitie
Articles of the large treaty concerning the establishing of the peace betwixt the Kings Majesty, and his people of Scotland, and betwixt the two kingdomes : agreed upon by the Scottish, and English Commissioners in the city of Westminster the 7.th day
A letter to a deist, in answer to several objections against the truth and authority of the scriptures
A zealous sermon preached at Amsterdam by a Jew whose name is Not-Rvb it being a Hebrew word : you must read his name backward... : text hee that hath eares to heare let him heare
The great memorial: or, A list of the names of those pretended judges who sate [sic], and sentenced our late soveraign King Charles the First, in the place which they called the High Court of Justice, January 27. 1648. And also of those thirty five
A Tenth collection of papers relating to the present juncture of affairs in England
The peace of enmity A sermon preached in Paules Church the 12 day of February, in the yeere of our Lord God, 1639. By Augustine Hill, rector of Dengey in the county of Essex
Unto the Right Honourable the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of David Brown, at the east mill of Craigie, defender ...
The peaceable Christian A sermon
Seasonable truths in evil-times in several sermons
In speculo teipsum contemplare Dr. Black. A looking-glass for the black band of doctors VVherein may be seen the ignorance and malice of these physicians, who have clubbed under the name of Dr. Black, for suppressing by their scriblings, and other
Horrible nevves from Leicester being the copie of a letter sent from thence the 6 of Iune, to Mr. VVilliam Iones inhabitant in Covent Garden : wherein is declared how the Earle of Stamford being sent thither by the Parliament to see the militia ordered
Scotlands welcome a sermon preached at Needham in the countie of Suff. on Tuesday, April 5, 1603, vpon Pro. 11. 10 : in the prosperitie of the righteous the citte reioyceth, and when the wicked perish, there is ioy
An extract of some proceedings in Parliament, relating to the old East-India Company Proceedings. 1691-1693
The Dutch-tutor: or, A new-book of Dutch and English Containing brief grammar rules, pleasant and useful dialogues, and a small vocabulary of the most common and familiar words. Compiled for the instruction and furtherance of all those that would easily
A True relation of every remarkable circumstance in relieving of Tredagh by Captaine Thomas Steutevile ; also the copy of Sir Phelome Oneal's commission for the establishing of Colonell Richard Plunket lievtenant generall of Lempster, and Ulster
A practice of the Court of Chancery : with forms and bills of costs
Of the happiness of the saints in heaven a sermon preached before the Queen at Whitehall, October 12, 1690
Memorial for John Jamieson merchant in Glasgow, James Jamieson his son, and John Robertson wright in Glasgow, defenders; against Gallian MʻLean, lieutenant in the independent company of invalids, commanded by Captain Milne, and Elisabeth Jamieson his lawful spouse.
Preparation to conversion; or, Faith's harbinger. In a rare epistle, writ by a person of quality before his death, to his surviving friends. Shewing, that Satan prevails most by deception of our reason; that the beauty of holiness and true wisdom is
Palmerin D'Oliva. The first part shewing the mirrour of nobilitie, the map of honour, anatomie of rare fortunes, heroicall presidents of love, wonder of chivalrie, and the most accomplished knight in all perfection. Presenting to noble minds, their
The true impartial history and wars of the Kingdom of Ireland its situation, division into provinces; shires &amp;c.;, its ancient inhabitants, manners, customs and the state it was in at its being first invaded and conquer'd by the English in the reign of
A treatise on criminal pleading : with precedents of indictments, special pleas, &amp;c.;, adapted to practice
Proposals for publishing by subscription, in three large vols. octavo, an abridgement of Dr. Doddridge's Family expositor, of the New Testament. By Robert Gentleman; ...
Statuta the Kynge Our Soueraygne Lord Henry the VIII, after the conquest by the grace of God Kynge of Englande &amp; of Fraunce, and Lorde of Irlande, at his Parlyament holden at Westmester the xii. daye of Nouembre in the vii. yere of his moste noble
Sex linguarum, Latinae, Gallicae, Hispanicae, Italicae, Anglicae, &amp; Teutonicae, dilucidissimum dictionarium, mirum quâm utile, ne [sic] dicam necessarium, omnibus linguarum studiosis. ; Omnia (optime lector) bona fide recognita castigatáq
A poem upon the undertaking of the Royal Company of Scotland Trading to Africa and the Indies
An Abstract of the proposals for the bank on the tickets of the million-adventure
A sermon preach'd before the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen at St. Bridget's Church, on Easter-Monday, 1696 by ... Symon, Lord Bishop of Ely
The reasons and necessity of the Reformation. : a sermon preached at Salters-Hall, April 17, 1735. By Thomas Leavesly.
A Discourse of eternitie, collected and composed for the common good being necessary for all seasons, but especially for this time of calamitie and destruction
A copy of verses presented to all my worthy masters and mistrisses in the parish of St. Mary Newington-Buts, in Southwark by William Major, bell-man
A sermon preached before the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, and aldermen of London, at Guild-Hall Chappel by William Pindar
Rerum romanorum epitome interpretatione &amp; notis illustravit Anna Tanaquilli Fabri filia. Epitomae de Tito Livio bellorum omnium annorum DCC libri II
Gradus comparationu[m] cu[m] verbis anomalis. Simul [et] eo[rum] co[m]positis ex Sta[n]brigiana editione
Ideologically Motivated Murder The Threat Posed by White Supremacist Groups
The Awakening Mind Foundations of Buddhist Thought
Police in the Hallways Discipline in an Urban High School
A sermon preached at Snarford in Lincolnshire at the funerals of Sir George Sanct-Paule, knight and baronet, December the 9. 1613 by Iohn Chadvvich ... ; together with a briefe and true relation of his vertuous life and holy death
Web-Based Instruction A Guide for Libraries
New Possibilities for the Past: Shaping History Education in Canada
Unto the Right Honourable the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of Colin MʻLauchlan of Craigenterve ...
Edinburgh, the seventeenth of November, one thousand six hundred and sixty four. Forasmuch as it is notour, that divers ministers, who have gone off their charges, or are outed by law, do ordinarily repair to Edinburgh, and other burghs and places
Probate &amp; administration : a handbook for executors and administrators containing practical directions for obtaining probate of a will or letters of administration, with special reference to the method of procedure under the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, with the new scale of probate and adinistration duties and fees
Applied Public Health Examining Multifaceted Social or Ecological Problems and Child Maltreatment
Flashes of a Southern Spirit : Meanings of the Spirit in the U.S. South
Account of the fables and rites of the Incas
Chronicle of a Camera The Arriflex 35 in North America, 1945-1972
Biochemistry and Biotechnology Research and Development
Climate Change Disclosure and Financial Risk Merits and Concerns
Developing on Play Framework 2
Introduction to Islamic Banking and Finance
Macachiavellian Intelligence How Rhesus Macaques and Humans Have Conquered the World
The New Health Policy
Visits with the Amish Impressions of the Plain Life
Phenomenology for Therapists Researching the Lived World
The Political Theory of The Federalist
Human Oral Mucosa Development, Structure and Function
The English Language and Anglo-American Culture Its Impact on Spanish Language and Society
Foreign Investment in American Telecommunications
Writing Scientific Research Articles Strategy and Steps
Tulipmania Money, Honor, and Knowledge in the Dutch Golden Age.
Pathology New Research
Antillanité, créolité, littérature-monde
Tryptophan Dietary Sources, Functions and Health Benefits
A Librarian's Guide to an Uncertain Job Market
George Inness and the Science of Landscape
Power Plant Engineering
Accidents Risk Factors, Health Outcomes, and Safety Measures
Joomla! 3 Beginner's Guide
Characterization of Impurities and Degradants Using Mass Spectrometry
Orienting Canada: Race, Empire, and the Transpacific
Building Bridges Connecting Faculty, Students, and the College Library
Africa's ICT Infrastructure Building on the Mobile Revolution
Radical Polymerization New Developments
Toxic Genre' Iraq War Films
Applied Social Sciences
Philosophical Psychopathology : Ethical Treatment of Depression : Autonomy Through Psychotherapy
Insects and Human Life
Oracle E-Business Suite R12 Integration and OA Framework Development and Extension Cookbook
Responsive Web Design by Example
American Boundaries The Nation, the States, the Rectangular Survey
From Autos to Architecture : Fordism and Architectural Aesthetics in the Twentieth Century
Biomechatronic Design in Biotechnology A Methodology for Development of Biotechnological Products
Organo Main Group Chemistry
Gnat and Other Minor Poems of Virgil
How Do You Know? The Economics of Ordinary Knowledge
Where is American Literature
Revel with a Cause Liberal Satire in Postwar America
Osteoclasts Morphology, Functions and Clinical Implications
Design for Democracy Ballot and Election Design
Helm Dictionary of Scientific Bird Names
Ecological Intelligence Rediscovering Ourselves in Nature
Mechanics Hall. ... Jan. 9th. [1871] ...
Agent-based Computational Economics using NetLogo
CentOS 6 Linux Server Cookbook
Commentaries on the laws of England : in four books
The Scripture doctrine of the most Holy and undivided Trinity, vindicated from the misinterpretations of Dr. Clarke : To which is prefixed a letter to the Reverend Doctor, by Robert Nelson, Esq.
Carriers' address to the patrons of the Native eagle and American advocate, for the year 1847.
The conference : a poem. By C. Churchill.
On the last judgment. : By Thomas Olivers.
Elements nautical and commercial.
American law : a treatise on the jurisprudence, constitution, and laws of the United States
The law and practice of rating : both within and without the metropolis
Instructions and devotions for hearing Mass.
The good housewife's coat of arms : or, the spinning-wheel's glory.
The history of Eliza Warwick : In two volumes. ...
A receipt for preventing the borer and other insects from injuring fruit and ornamental trees. : Patented September 12, 1865.
Let us all be unhappy together: written and composed by Mr. Dibdin, for his entertainment called The wags.
A description of the two albinos of Europe, (one twenty-one, the other twenty-four years of age.) Extracted from M. Sassure's Journey to the Alps, in the year 1785, and now published in the Encyclopædia Britannica.
A survey of the houses and lands in the township of Nantwich : taken and valued by Messrs. Cheney, Cartwright &amp; Naylor, and the whole revised by Messrs. Bate, Wicksted, Skerrett, Leversage &amp; Hewitt, being part of a acommittee appointed at a vestry held in the parish churc of Nantwich aforesaid, on the 30th. day of September 1792.
Maudlin, the merchant's daughter of Bristol : ... To the tune of, The maiden's joy.
A true list of the knights, citizens and burgesses of the Parliament : Which Met at Westminster the 20th of October, 1702. as they were Returned into the Crown Office, with the Alterations to the Eighth of March, 1704/5.
A commentarie vpon the Nevv Testament Representing the divers expositions thereof, out of the workes of the most learned, both ancient fathers, and moderne writers: and hereby sifting out the true sense of every passage, for the benefit of all that
An epistolary discourse on the great assistances to a Christian faith and for a more intire rest and assurance in the highest trials and adventures thereof : with a second part, upon the present times, and these rare vicissitudes of providence in the
Upon Her Maiesties new buildings at Somerset-House
An almanack and pronosticacion for the yeare of oure Lorde M.D. and Xlviij
Ayres for the violin att two or three and four parts : preludes, allemands, sarabands, fuges [sic], single &amp; double stopps, with several passages to emprove the hand : a concert of three trumpets, with an addition of some new tunes for violins &amp; flutes
A defence of the R- H- the E-l of B-e : from the imputations laid to his charge. In a letter to his L-ds-p. By Sir Archy Mac Sarcasm, Bart.
A puritane set forth in his lively colours: or, K. James his description of a puritan. Whereunto is added, the round-heads character, with the character of an holy sister. All fitted for the times. Basilikon doron. Round-heads character. Character of an
The spirit of truth vindicated, against that of error &amp; envy unseasonably manifested : in a late malicious libel, intituled, The spirit of the Quakers tryed, &amp;c;
Aduertisements partly for due order in the publique administration of common prayers, and vsyng the holy Sacramentes: and partly for the apparrell of all persons ecclesiasticall by vertue of the Queenes Maiesties letters commaunding the same, the xv
An explicatory catechism : or, an explanation of the Assembly's Shorter Catechism: wherein all the answers in the Assembly's Catechism are taken abroad in under questions and answers, the Truths explained, and proved by Reason and Scripture ; several Cases of Conscience resolved ; some chief Controversies in Religion stated, with Arguments against divers Errors ; useful to be read in private Families, after Examination in the Catechism it self, for the more clear and thorough Understanding of what is therein learned. By Thomas Vincent, sometime Minister of Maudline-Milk-Street in London.
A discourse proving by Scripture &amp; reason and the best authors, ancient and modern, that there are witches and how far their power extends to the doing of mischief both to man and beast : and likewise the use and abuse of astrology laid open
A companion for a sick bed, or a preparation for death: Consisting of Discourses, Hymns, and Prayers, Upon the most important Subjects relating to Sickness. To which is Added, A particular Form of Devotion, For Sick Persons. By a divine of the Church of England.
A very fruitfull exposition of the Commaundements by way of questions and answeres for greater plainnesse together with an application of euery one to the soule and conscience of man, profitable for all, and especially for them that (beeing not
AEsopi Phrygis Fabulae [j]am recenter ex collatione optimorum exemplarium emendatius excusae, unà cum nonnullis variorum authorum Fabulis adjectis: et indice correctiori praefixo
The rise and progress of religion in the soul : illustrated in a course of serious and practical addresses, suited to persons of every character and circumstance: with A Devout Meditation or Prayer added to each Chapter. By P. Doddridge, D.D.
A sermon preached before the Honourable House of Commons : at St. Margaret's Westminster, on Friday, January xxx. 1729. By Samuel Croxall, D.D. Chaplain in Oridinary to His Majesty.
Catalogus universalis pro nundinis Francofurtensibus vernalibus de anno M. DC. XXVIII. Hoc est, designatio omnium librorum qui hisce nundinis vernalibus, vel noui, vel emendatiores et auctiores prodierunt
Mechanics ; or, the doctrine of motion. Comprehending, I. The general laws of motion. II. The descent of bodies perpendicularly, and down inclined Planes, and also in Curve Surfaces. The Motion of Pendulums. III. Centers of gravity. The Equilibrium of Beams of Timber, and their Forces and Directions. IV. The mechanical powers. V. The comparative strength of timber, and its stress. The Powers of Engines, their Motion, and Friction. VI. Hydrostatics and pneumatics.
Perspective practical, or, A plain and easie method of true and lively representing all things to the eye at a distance by the exact rules of art as landskips, towns, streets, palaces, churches ... : likewise rules for placing all sorts of figures with
A form of thanksgiving to be used in all churches in and near about London immediately upon His Majesties return, and to be continued till the day of publick thanksgiving. By Her Majesties special command
A touch-stone for gold and silver wares, or, A manual for goldsmiths and all other persons, whether buyers, sellers, or wearers of any manner of goldsmiths work how to know adulterated wares ... : together with the several statutes now in force for
Historical memoirs of the Irish rebellion, in the year 1641 : Extracted from Parliamentary journals, State-Acts, and the most eminent Protestant historians. Together with an appendix, containing Several authentic Papers relating to this Rebellion, not referred to in these Memoirs. In a letter to Walter Harris, Esq.
Considerations concerning the African-Companies petition
Dr. Walker's true, modest, and faithful account of the author of Eikon basilike, strictly examined, and demonstrated to be false, impudent, and decietful in two parts, the first disproving it to be Dr. Gauden's : the second proving it to be King Charles
The restorer of the French estate discouering the true causes of these vvarres in France &amp; other countries, and deliuering the right course of restoring peace and quiet to all Christendome: wherein are handled these principall questions touching
A true account of Anne Wentworths being cruelly, unjustly, and unchristianly dealt with by some of those people called Anabaptists, of the particular opinion, and all the cause she gave, and what she hath done Who would never appear in publick, but
Our Saviours passion delivered in a sermon, preach'd in the cathedral church of Saint Peter in Exon. On Good Friday, the first of April, 1670. By Matthew Hole, Master of Arts, and Fellow of Exeter Colledge, Oxon
Short writing, began by nature compliated [sic] by art manifesting the irregularity of placing the artificial before the natural of symbolical contractions: and proposing a method more suited to sense, and more fully answering y [sic] requisited of a
Scintillula altaris. or, A pious reflection on primitive devotion : as to the feasts and fasts of the Christian Church, orthodoxally revived
A true relation of a most dismal accident, that happened in the Strand, the 14th of this instant May, 1686 By the fall of the Bull-Inn, and part of another adjacent house; together with the number of the persons kill'd, and those that were taken out
The Leviathan heretical:, or, The charge exhibited in Parliament against M. Hobbs justified by the refutation of a book of his entituled The historical narration of heresie and the punishments thereof by John Dowel. Charge exhibited in Parliament
De termino Michaelis anno primo Richardi tertij
The New Testament of Iesus Christ faithfully translated into English, out of the authentical Latin, diligently conferred with the Greek, &amp; other editions in diuers languages: with arguments of books and chapters: annotations, and other helps, for the
Rules and directions prescribed and made for the pitching and levelling the streets and lanes of the city of London, and liberties, for the more easie and convenient current and conveyance away of the waters thereof concluded and agreed on by the
L'Estrange's case in a civil dialogue betwixt 'Zekiel and Ephraim Dialogue betwixt 'Zekiel and Ephraim
A short catechisme holding forth and explaining the first principles of the oracles of God. Imprimatur, Ia: Cranford
Regiam Maiestatem Scotiae, veteres leges et constitutiones ex archivis publicis, et antiquis libris manuscriptis collectae, recognitae, &amp; notis iuris ciuilis, canonici, Nortmannici auctoritate confirmatis, illustratae, opera &amp; studio Ioannis Skenaei
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, that the committee for the militia of London shall have power to impose upon persons to finde arms, not exceeding three foot-souldiers for any one man: and to search for papists and
A sermon occasioned by the death of Elizabeth Stafford : Who departed this Life, March 29, 1774. In the 15th Year of her Age. Together with some anecdotes relating to her, both previous to, and during her last Sickness. By John Stafford.
Three letters : on the subject of the Marine Society. Let. I. On occasion of their clothing for the sea 3097 men, and 2045 boys, to the end of Dec. 1757. II. Pointing out several Advantages Accruing to the Nation from this Institution. III. Being a full detail of the rules and forms of the Marine Society. With a list of the Subscribers to the 16th of February, and State of Accounts to the 23d of March, 1758. To which is prefixed, a general view of th motives for establishing this society. By Mr. Hanway.
The honour of the gentle craft a discourse of mirth and wit to the renown of those two princes Crispine and Crispianus, and all the true lovers thereof : the last and best part being a most merry and pleasant history not altogether unprofitable, nor any
A sermon preached before the King and Queen at Hampton-Covrt, July 14th, 1689 by Richard Meggott
The neuu man, or, A supplication from an vnknown person a Roman Catholike vnto Iames, the monarch of Great Brittaine, and from him to the emperour, kings, and princes of the Christian world : touching the causes and reasons that will argue a necessity
Scrinia Ceciliana, mysteries of state &amp; government in letters of the late famous Lord Burghley, and other grand ministers of state, in the reigns of Queen Elizabeth, and King James, being a further additional supplement of the Cabala. Scrinia Ceciliana
The humble address of the Lords spiritual and temporal in Parliament assembled : to His Grace John Duke of Bedford, Lord Lieutenent General, and General Governor of Ireland. Published by Authority.
The copy of a letter from an eminent commander in Sir Thomas Fairfax army, to severall worthy members of the Honourable House of Commons assembled in Parliament. Dated at Marston, within a mile and a little more of Oxford, May 24. 1645. Wherein is fully
Exclamatio pauperum: the exclamation, or the out-cry of the poor: against those state gudgeons at Westminster, who have swallowed up their lively-hoods by their unlawfull taxes, to uphold their rebellion, to the ruine of the kingdom in generall, and the
Summa philosophiae quadripartita, de rebus dialecticis, ethicis, physicis, &amp; metaphysicis autore fr. Eustachio a. S. Paulo ... ; infinitis mendis repurgata
Gweledigaethau y bardd cwsg. : Yn cynnwys, I. Gweledigaeth Cwrs y Byd. II. Gweledigaeth Angeu. III. Gweledigaeth Uffern. Y rhan gyntaf.
Miscellany poems on several occasions, both moral and amorous With several odes, epigrams, and elegies. By Tho. Stephens
A brief exposition of the church-catechism, with proofs from Scripture Book of common prayer
Proclamation prorogating the dyet, for in bringing and prescribing the method of settling of the accompts of arrears due by the forces to the countrey
The new history of Count Zosimus, sometime advocate of the treasury of the Roman Empire with the notes of the Oxford edition, in six books : to which is prefixed Leunclavius's Apology for the author : newly Englished. Historia nova. Apologia pro Zosimo
A Trve relation of the last great battell fought in Ireland betwixt the Scots and the Irish : Colonell Lesly against Oneale the arch-rebell of Ireland : with the expresse courage and valour of one Edward Gibbs borne in London a man very well knowne for
The certainty of a future state, or, An occasional letter concerning apparitions by J. Roe. Occasional letter concerning apparitions
A discourse upon the uniting Scotland with England: containing the general advantage of such an union to both kingdoms; the several ways of uniting nations; the difference of religion, laws, and nobility, &amp;c.;, adjusted by the law of nature and the
Urim and thummim, or, The clergies dignity and duty recommended in a visitation sermon preached at Lewes April 27, 1669
By the Lords Justices, a proclamation. Tho. Cantuar. J. Sommers c. Devonshire, Sunderland, Romney. Whereas by one act made and passed in the last session of Parlaiment, intituled, An Act for the further remedying the ill state of the coin of the
A new geographical description of England and Wales : containing a distinct view of the air, soil, produce, Manufactures, Cities, Boroughs, Market-Towns, and Principal Villages, giving an exact account of all the market and fair days, and Interspersed with the Name of the most eminent Personages born or residing in each County. Together with authentic lists of the seats of the English nobility. To the whole is prefixed Kitchin's most accurate map of the roads, with The Distances by the Mile Stones, and other exact Admensurations between Town and Town, Carefully correct to the present Time.
A letter from a lawyer of the Inner Temple, to his friend in the country, concerning the East-India stock, and the project of uniting the New and Old Companies
A sabbath-Day's journey to the heavenly Canaan. : Being, an exhortation delivered in a society of Christian people.
Fifty two practical discourses on several subjects. : Six of which were never before published. By Richard Fiddes, D.D. Rector of Halsham, and Chaplain to the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.
Candid and impartial strictures on the performers belonging to Drury-Lane : Covent-Garden, and the Haymarket Theatres. Dedicated to that Great Admirer and Patron of the Stage, his grace the Duke of Leeds.
The vvhole booke of Psalmes collected into English meeter, by Thomas Sternhold, Iohn Hopkins, and others, conferred with the Hebrew, with apt notes to sing them withall ; set foorth and allowed to be sung in all churches, of all the people together
To the right honourable Lords, the peeres in the High Court of Parliament assembled The humble petition of the maiors, bayliffes, jurats, freemen, and others inhabitants of the Cinque Ports, two ancient townes, and their members, Humble petition of the
The copy of a letter written by E.D. Doctour of Physicke to a gentleman, by whom it was published The former part conteineth rules for the preseruation of health, and preuenting of all diseases vntill extreme olde age. Herein is inserted the authours
A frendly farewel which Master Doctor Ridley, late Bishop of London did write beinge prisoner in Oxeforde, vnto all his true louers and frendes in God, a litle before that he suffred for the testimony of the truthe of Christ his Gospell. Newly setforth
A report on commercial arbitration in England
A short reply to the postscript : to Mr. Abernethy's defence of the seasonable advice, by the three reverend Dublin ministers: wherein is considered what they offer against the Westminster confession of faith, and the Use of it in Reference to Candidates for the Holy Ministry, as is practised in the North, according to Synodical Resolutions. And likewise what they propose for having ministerial communion allowed among the northern presbyterians, without subscription to the said confession, or Declaration of Assent to the Doctrines of it, is shewed to be inexpedient, and as of dangerous consequence. By Cha. Mastertown, M.A.
A proclamation, obliging heritors and masters, for their tennants and servants
Act discharging the vending of any goods, from Ostend, or any other town or port of the Spanish Neatherlands [sic], till they abide their fourty dayes tryal
The vanity of arts and sciences by Henry Cornelius Agrippa
The copie of a letter written from Master C.S. neere Salisbury, to Master H.A. at London, concerning the proceeding at VVinchester; vvhere the late L. Cobham, L. Gray, and Sir Griffin Marckham, all attainted of hie trason, were ready to be executed on
Stanier Mayor. Martis xii0 die Octobris, 1714, Annoq; Regni Regis Georgij, Magnoe Britanniae, &amp;c.; Primo
The dial of princes compiled by the reuerend father in God, Don Antony of Gueuara, Byshop of Guadix ... Englished out of the French by Thomas North, sonne of Sir Edward North ... Relox de príncipes. Aviso de privados. English. Aviso de privados
Letters from Lieutenant General Crumwels [sic] quarters. His march from Barwicke to the city of Edenburgh, with the Marquesse of Arguile. And the transactions of the treaty in Scotland. With letters to his Excellency the Lord Generall Fairfax
The case of the ministers ejected at Exon : By James Peirce, one of them.
The epilogue in the Island princess set by Mr. Clarke ; sung by Mrs. Lindsey and the boy ; and exactly engraved by Tho. Cross
The distressed VVelsh-man, born in Trinity-Lane. With a relation of his travels, being altogether unfortunate
Certeyne preceptes, gathered by Hulrichus Zuinglius, declaring how the ingenious youth ought to be instructed and brought vnto Christ. Translated out of latin into Inglish by master Richard Argentyne Doctour in Physyck Quo pacto ingenui formandi sint
The famous book : intitled, Gesta Romanorum: or, a record of true ancient histories: discoursing of sundry pleasant stories, profitable examples, and notable matters.
The works of Aristotle : in four parts. Containing I. His complete master-piece ; displaying the Secrets of Nature in the Generation of Man. To which is added, the family physician, being approved Remedies for the several Distempers incident to the Human Body. II. His experienced midwife ; absolutely necessary for Surgeons, Midwives, Nurses, and Child-Bearing Women. III. His book of problems ; containing various Questions and Answers relative to the State of Man's Body. IV. His last legacy ; unfolding the Secrets of Nature respecting the Generation of Man. The best edition.
A copy of a letter sent from a gentleman in Carisbrooke-Castle to an honourable person at VVestminster concerning His Majesties intentions, and their expectations of the personall treaty
Triambeisis celsissimi domini Oliverii Cromvvelli, Trium Regnorum Protectoris
The theatre of the earth Containing very short and compendious descriptions of all countries, gathered out of the cheefest cosmographers, both ancient and moderne, and disposed in alphabeticall order. For the benefit of all such as delight to be
An exposition vvith notes vpon the first and second epistles to the Thessalonians. By William Sclater Doctor of Diuinitie, and minister of the Word of God at Pitmister in Sommerset Exposition with notes upon the first epistle to the Thessalonians
Articles of impeachment against Sir John Gvrny Knight, Lord Maior of London, who was committted to the tower by the High Court of Parliament, on Munday the 11 of Iuly, 1642 vvherein is declared the severall misdemeanors which hath been committed by him
The vvoefull crie of Rome Containing a defiance to popery. With Thomas Bells second challenge to all fauorites of that Romish faction. Succinctly comprehending much variety of matter
The vvitch of the vvoodlands: or, The coblers new translation. Written by L.P. Here Robin the cobler for his former evils, was punisht worse then Faustus was with his devils
A short account of several excellent medicines lately discovered in the argol or tartar : together with its preparations ; viz. the volatile salt, oil, spirit, and fixed salt. To which are annexed, Divers remarkable Instances of the Efficacy of these noble Medicines in the following Disorders: The Raw Chrystals ; in Fits, Convulsions, Head-Ach, &amp;c.; The Volatile Salt, in the Consumption, Scurvy, Weakness of the Nerves, Venereal Distemper, Obstruction of the Menses, Weakness of the Stomach, &amp;c.; The Spirit, in the Dropsy, Obstructions ; Lowness of Spirits, Fainting, &amp;c.; The Oil, in the Gout, Asthma, Rheumatism, &amp;c.; The Fixed Salt, in the Stone, Gravel, &amp;c.; The second edition, with additions. By Wm. Taube, Dove, surgeon.
A late great shipwrack of faith occasioned by a fearful wrack of conscience discovered in a sermon preached at Pauls the first day of July, 1655
A pleasant and profitable treatise of Hell. Written by Hieremy Drexelius. S.J. Infernus damnatorum carcer et rogus aeternitatis
True newes from Munster in Ireland, being a copy of a letter sent to the Countesse of Thomond in Northamptonshire. Cork the fourth of Iune 1642
The triall of tabacco Wherein, his worth is most worthily expressed: as, in the name, nature, and qualitie of the sayd hearb; his speciall vse in all physicke, with the true and right vse of taking it, aswell for the seasons, and times, as also the
His Majesty's most gracious speech to the states of Holland. And their humble thanks, and answer thereunto. Speeches. 1701-07-15
A Remonstrance and protestation of all the good Protestants of this kingdom against deposing their lawful sovereign K. James II
Some queries for the better understanding of a list of King James's Irish and Popish forces in France, ready (when called for:) in answer to an argument against a land--force, writ by A, B, C, D, E, F, G, or to whatever has been, or ever shall be, writ
Particulars of an estate at Wenhaston, in the County of Suffolk.
The rising sun, or, The sun of righteousnesse shining upon the sons of unrighteousnesse a theological sun-dyal wherein is to be seen the rising, motion, influence and manifold operations of Christ upon the soul ... as also the description of the true
The choise of change containing the triplicitie of diuinitie, philosophie &amp; poetrie : short for memorie, profitable for knowledge, and necessarie for maners : whereby the learned may be confirmed, the ignorant instructed, and all men generaly recreated
The English school-master, teaching all his scholars, of what age soever, the most easie, short, and perfect order of distinct reading, and true writing our English-tongue, that hath ever yet been known, or published by any. And furth[er] also, teacheth
Directorium politicum studii linguarum In quo summatìm exponitur, quaenam sit vera &amp; universalis methodus docendi, addiscendivè idiomata quaelibet, seu antiqua, seu hodierna: quibusvè artibus assequi possint politici rectores imperiorum &amp; rerump. Ut
An apology for Rushworth's dialogues wherein the exceptions for the Lords Falkland and Digby and the arts of their commended Daillé discover'd
Rivers 1630. A new almanacke for the yeare since the nativitie of our Saviour MDCXXX, [being the third after leap-yeare.] Calculated for the famous vniversitie and towne of Cambridge; and may generally serve for the whole isle of Great Britain
The life and death of VVilliam Lawd, late Archbishop of Canterburie: beheaded on Tower-Hill, Friday the 10. of January. 1644. I. Here is a brief narration of his doings all his life long faithfully given-out, first, that his sayings at his death may not
Jerusalem and Babel, or, The image of both churches being a treatise historically discussing, whether Catholikes or Protestants be the better subjects
Bibliotheca instructissima: or, A catalogue of Greek, Latin and English books in all faculties: which will be sold by auction on Thursday, the 13th of December, 1694. at Rolls's Auction house, in Petty-Canons-Hall, near the North side of St. Pauls
Pinnacles of India's Past Selections from the R?gveda
CBS 8 KCCI–Des Moines, IA
Centralization by construction and interpretation of the Constitution : an address delivered in the Assembly Chamber, Capitol, Albany, N.Y., before the New York State Bar Association, at its thirtieth annual meeting, January 15th, 1907, and reprinted from the thirtieth annual report of the proceedings of the Association
Katie Couric Special
An account of the persecutions and oppressions of the Protestants in France Plaintes des Protestans cruellement opprimez dans le royaume de France. Edit de Nantes
Systems-Centered Practice Selected Papers on Group Psychotherapy
Jacksonville Fox 30 WAWS–FL
A Song to His Excellency the Ld. General Monck at Skinners-Hall on Wednesday Aprill 4, 1660 at which time he was entertained by that honourable company : to the tune of I'll never leave thee more
Loveday's letters domestick and forrein. To several persons, occasionally distributed in subjects philosophicall, historicall &amp; morall,
Montana Administrative Code–2005
W.R. Bion Between Past and Future
Fox: Hannity and Colmes
The privileges and immunities of state citizenship
A handbook for more efficient conveyancing
Winnicott Studies
A word in due season, or, Some harvest meditations with a warning from the Lord God to all people in England, to leave off their wicked and foolish customs in their harvest, before the anger of the Lord be kindled against them, and there be no remedy
Work with Parents Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy with Children and Adolescents
Fox: On the Record
Dear sir, at the last meeting of the Male Parochial and Missionary Association of Grace Church ... Phineas Capen, Secretary. May 20, 1837.
Louisiana Court of Appeal Criminal Briefs
Maine Administrative Code–2005
HPTS Legislation to Watch–Health Care Providers and Facilities
The new federalism : annual address, delivered at the Thirteenth Annual Meeting, Bedford Springs, Pennsylvania, June 25, 1907
DRI: HIPAA Best Practices for Defense Lawyers
The Search for Peace in Vietnam, 1964-1968
Amusement for the million! ... Strangers visiting Boston should by no means omit examining the vast magazine of wonders ...
Group Relations Conferences Reviewing and Exploring Theory, Design, Role-Taking and Application
Fox 25 WFXT–Boston, MA (Manchester, NH)
CBS 8 WISH–Indianapolis, IN
Green Bay NBC 26 WGBA–WI
HPTS Snapshots: Medicaid
CQ BillAnalysis
NBC 18 WLEX–Lexington, KY
ESPN SportsCenter
HPTS Snapshots: Mental Illness and Addiction
A song on the Blues leaving York. Written by a lady in 1767.
Fort Smith NBC 24 KPOM–AR
Bion's Legacy to Groups
Tupelo/Columbus 27 WLOV–MS
Memphis Fox 13 WHBQ–TN
Challenges to Practice
CHUM Limited CKVU TV–Vancouver
Directions to know the true church. Written by George Carleton, Doctor of Diuinitie
The Clothiers reasons for establishing the Company of Merchant Adventurers of England
U.S. District Court, D. Connecticut Criminal Trial Filings
Boston Theatre. : Second night of the Italian opera on which occasion, will be given the only representation during the season, of I Puritani the Puritan fathers. Wednesday evening, October 22d, 1856, I Puritani ...
China International Economic Trade and Arbitration Commission–Rules
The Emotional Experience of Learning and Teaching
HPTS Snapshots: Health Insurance Oversight
Kentucky Statutes 2005–Annotated
The drummer: or, the haunted house : a comedy, by Joseph Addison Esq. Adapted for theatrical representation, as performed at the Theatres-Royal, Drury-Lane and Covent-Garden. Regulated from the prompt-books, by permission of the managers. ...
Tense-Aspect Between semantics &amp; pragmatics
Act of Privy Council, discharging any leavies or recruits for the service of the States-General of the United Provinces. Edinburgh, the nineteenth day of January, 1688
Voxant Entertainment Transcripts
U.S. District Court, W.D. Louisiana Criminal Trial Filings
Handbook of Terminology Management Volume 1: Basic Aspects of Terminology Management
A dissuasive from the sin of drunkenness : By Josiah Woodward ...
Boston Theatre. : Italian opera in compliance with universal desire, the director of the Italian Opera Company has the honor to announce that he has concluded to defer the representations contemplated in New York ... Benefit Max Maretzek ... On Monday evening, February 18, 1856, will be performed, for the only time in Boston by the artists composing this troupe, Donizetti's favorite opera of Lucia di Lammermoor ...
Seattle 7 KIRO–WA
Legal Week Global
CNN Live Today 10AM
CQ Capital Transcripts
Horace, Book IV. Ode V. Imitated.
Interesting tales. Selected and translated from the German.
Olde Folkes Concerte ... Ye greate halle called Mechanics ... ye 24th daye of ye April. [1874] ...
Britannia's intercession for the deliverance of John Wilkes, Esq. from persecution and banishment : To which is added a political and constitutional sermon: and a dedication to L*** B***.
Practice in the executive departments of the government under the pension, bounty, and prize laws of the United States : with forms and instructions for collecting arrears of pay, bounty, and prize money, and for obtaining pensions
Office of Wells, Richardson &amp; Co. wholesale druggists, College Street. Burlington, Vt. [June 17] 187[8 Messrs. Cushing &amp; Abbot] ...
The economic interpretation of history : lectures delivered in Worcester College Hall, Oxford, 1887-8
Death: a poetical essay : By Beilby Porteus ...
Select cases and other authorities on the law of conveyances and related subjects
Poems and essays : by the late Miss Bowdler.
Dixie doodle! : Words and music by Wm. H. Stevens, and can be had from Horace Waters, 481, Broadway.
The distribution, a poem ; to which is added, An ode to diligence. By Geo. Hay, student.
The mock doctor : or, the dumb lady cur'd. A comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane. By his Majesty's servants. Done from Moliere. With songs in each act.
The injured Iphigenia ; a true history : In which the nature of libellous paragraphs, calculated to disturb the peace of families, is set in a proper light ; and the necessity of preventing them by an express law, is candidly enquired into, and impartially considered. In a letter to a friend in S-
Odes : by Richard Cumberland, Esq.
Hymns of petition and thanksgiving for the promise of the Father.
To the Hon. James Barbour, secretary of war. Zanesville, Ohio, December, 1825. : Sir, The undersigned, a committee appointed by the citizens of Zanesville in the state of Ohio, to exhibit a description and valuation of the property in the site contemplated by the commissioners for establishing a national armory on the western waters ... beg leave now to make an additional exhibit ...
Registration handbook : being a practical arrangement of the Land Transfer Acts of 1875 &amp; 1897, and the rules, forms, fees, and orders thereunder ...
Elphinstone's introduction to conveyancing : with an appendix dealing with registered land.
The preservation of open spaces, and of footpaths and other rights of way : a practical treatise on the law of the subject
A digest of the laws of the corporation of the city of Washington, to the first of June, 1823 : with an appendix, containing the acts of cession from Maryland &amp; Virginia, the laws of the United States, relating to the District of Columbia, the building r
The attorney's vade mecum, and client's instructor treating of actions : (such as are now most in use ; ) of prosecuting and defending them : of the pleadings and law : also of hue and cry : tne subjects arranged in a clear and perspicuous manner
Impartial reflections upon Dr. Burnet's posthumous History : By Philalethes.
Britons, and fellow-countrymen, at the time when the busy spirits of faction are disseminating the principles of rebellion ...
The speech of M. Moreau de St. Merry. : Spoken in the Assembly of the Electors of Paris, July 29, 1789.
Statutory torts in Massachusetts
Amphitrion. Comédie. Par Monsieur de Moliere. = Amphitryon. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
Lines to the memory of Benjamin Vaughan, LL. D., who recently died in Hallowell, Maine.
Exhibition of Lawrence Academy, at Liberty Hall, November 18, 1846, at 6 1-2 o'clock.
An answer to Captain Dampier's Vindication of his voyage to the South-Seas, in the ship St. George : ... By John Welbe ...
A treatise upon the estate and rights of the corporation of the city of New York, as proprietors
Notice. : the legal voters of the city of Cambridge are hereby notified to assemble in their respective ward rooms, on Friday, the first day of May next ... to give in their votes for one alderman for said city, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the resignation of James G. Hovey. ... Also, to give in their votes upon the several amendments of the consitiution submitted by the General Court to the people for ratification and adoption. ... Also, to give in their votes "yes" or "no," upon the question, "Will the city accept the act of the general court, approved by the governor, April 22, 1857, entitled 'An act in further addition to an Act to establish the city of Cambridge'?" Also, to give in their votes ... upon the question, "Will the city of Cambridge avail itself of the provisions of an act of the General Court, approved by the Governor, May 21, 1855, entitled 'An act to incorporate towns and cities into mutual fire insurance companies at their election'?" ...
Conservative essays, legal and political
The contract of affreightment as expressed in charterparties and bills of lading
Memorials
Sganarelle : ou le cocu imaginaire, comédie. Par Monsieur Moliere. = The cuckold in conceit. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
Publishing house of The Mail, Toronto, Canada. ... It takes over 44 miles of white paper, three feet wide, on which to print each edition of The Weekly Mail. It takes over 102 miles of white paper, three feet wide, each week, on which to print The Daily Mail. ...
L'école des maris. Comédie. Par Monsieur de Moliere. = The school for husbands. A comedy. From the French of Moliere.
The growth of the Constitution in the Federal Convention of 1787 : an effort to trace the origin and development of each separate clause from its first suggestion in that body to the form finally approved : containing also a fac-simile of a heretofore unpublished manuscript of the first draft of the instrument made for use in the committee of detail
Alcohol and the state : a discussion of the problem of law as applied to the liquor traffic
The lost sheep, piece of silver, and prodigal son. : Being the substance of a discourse delivered in the county of Antrim in Ireland. In the year 1750. By John Cennick.
The history of persecution : from the patriarchial age to the reign of George II
The life, letters, and speeches of Lord Plunket
Dividing the Isthmus : Central American Transnational Histories, Literatures, and Cultures
Moerlein's national export. ... The Christian Moerlein Brewing Co. First Premiums-1881, 1882, and 1883.
Selected Poems of Luis de Góngora A Bilingual Edition
Robin's panegyrick, or, the Norfolk missellany [sic]. Containing several scarce and curious pieces.
To the tax payers. : Treasurer's Office, city of Worcester, Aug. 21st, 1854. The tax bills will be ready for settlement on Friday, September 1st. ...
Remove the string without breaking either card or string ... Chase &amp; Sanborn Boston. ...
Memorial for Charles Anderson of Canducraig, defender, against Mr Thomas Mitchell minister of the gospel at Tarvis, pursuer.
The Oxford handbook of empirical legal research
Boys keep away from the girls.
Music Hall : Worcester. ... April 25th, 1873. ...
Washburn Hall ... Worcester. Thirteenth season. ... Feb. 18th, 1862. ...
Semiramis a tragedy. Translated from the French of M. De Voltaire.
Vanella in the straw. : a poem, inscrib'd to a certain lady in St. James's-Street, lately deliver'd of a fine boy.
The public defender : a necessary factor in the administration of justice
Imperial bill for legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister : speech of the Prince of Wales in the House of Lords, May 6th, 1879.
Member of Congress for the 10th District. To the public. : After Mr. Stearns had been nominated as an independent candidate for Congress ... the accompanying papers were prepared ... being the only practicable mode in which Mr. Stearns' sentiments could be made known ... The subsequent nomination of Mr. Morris by the American Party ... rendered it expedient and proper for Mr. Stearns to withdraw from the contest, which he has done ...
A treatise on the police of the metropolis : containing a detail of the various crimes and misdemeanors by which public and private property and security are, at present, injured and endangered: and suggesting remedies for their prevention. The fourth edition, revised and enlarged. By a magistrate ...
The notaries' and commissioners' manual : containing full instructions as to their appointment, powers, rights, and duties, under federal and New York laws : together with the necessary forms, fees allowed, etc., also practical suggestions and references.
Remarks on Mr. Martin's publication, entitled "Thoughts on the duty of man, relative to faith in Jesus Christ." In five letters to a friend. ... By Andrew Fuller.
A guide to Federal laws prohibiting sex discrimination.
Heaven and earth, sea and dry land, hear the word of the Lord, sounded through an earthen vessel, who hath seen, heard, felt as he doth declare [by] John Suinton
The authour
[Example of title page ornamentation from undetermined work]
Sylvia's revenge, or, A satyr against man; in answer to the Satyr against woman. Printed by authority. Satyr against woman
[Printer's ornament with motto based on Song of Solomon 8:6-7, "Her lamps of love are coles of fire and a verye vehement flame of the Lorde" ]
In mortem serenissimae Reginae Elizabethae. Naenia consolans
William the Third, by the grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Defender of the faith, &amp;c.; To all and singular archbishops, bishops, archdeacons, deans, ... and to all other our officers, ministers and subjects whatsoever they be
A prospect of His Maiestie's forces as they ly encamped (at least three miles in length) on Honslow-Heath in ye. county of Midlesex. in ye. year 1685. Camp royall
Quakerism withering and Christianity reviving, or, A brief reply to the Quakers pretended vindication in answer to a printed sheet deliver'd to the Parliament wherein their errors, both in fundamentals and circumstantials are further detected, and G
Gerards meditations, written originally in the Latine tongue by John Gerard Doctour in Divinitie, and superintendent of Heidelberg. Translated and revised by Ralph Winterton fellow of Kings Colledge in Cambridge Meditationes sacrae. Exercitium pietatis
By the King. A proclamation for the free exportation of woollen manufactures of this kingdom, from the twentieth day of May, until the five and twentieth day of December next
Manipulus linguae sanctae &amp; eruditorum inquo, quasi, manipulatim, congregantur sequentia : I. Index generalis difficiliorum vocum hebraeo-biblicanum ... II. Succinctum &amp; planum compendium accentuationis ... hebraeo-bibli-cae ... III. Grammatica
A sermon preached on the 30th. of January, 1683/4. Being an anniversary for the martyrdom of King Charles the First
The countrey farrier. Teaching divers and sundry approved medicines, to cure all sorts of cattle : as horse, kine, sheepe, hogs, and dogs. With directions how to find, or know, what the disease or infirmity is. Contrived into a little volume, for avoidin
[A standing trumpeter with a flag hanging from his trumpet]
Clarior e tenebris, or, A justification of two books, the one printed 1680, under the title of The Grand inquest, the other in April 1682, under the title of The royal favourite cleared with several other reasons in vindication of His Royal Highness
... uem lanius co[n]versus fugienté os aspiciens: inquit ...
The true proceedings of the sessions, begun at the Old-Bayly, on Wednesday the 18th. of April, 1683 Giving an account of the several tryals (viz.) for high treason, murders, felonies, &amp;c.; with the condemnation of those convicted. Printed by authority
The boke of measurying of lande as well of woodland as plowland, &amp; pasture in the feelde: &amp; to compt the true nombre of acres of the same. Newly corrected, &amp; compiled by Sir Richarde de Benese. This boke sheweth the maner of measurynge of all maner of
King Charls his case: or, An appeal to all rational men, concerning his tryal at the High Court of Iustice. Being for the most part that which was intended to have been delivered at the bar, if the King had pleaded to the charge, and put himself upon a f
An apologie for the royal party written in a letter to a person of the late Councel of State. By a lover of peace and of his country. With a touch at the pretended plea for the army
The hvmble desires and propositions of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled tendered to His Majesty 1. February, 1642 : with His Maiesties gratious answer thereunto
An Exact and perfect relation of the proceedings of the army under the command of Sir Thomas Fairfax, from the sixth of this instant July to the eleventh of the same wherein is expressed the particulars of the victory obtained by the Parliaments forces
[Portrait of a man facing to the left with the initials R.G. (Richard Grafton?) above the graft and tun rebus of Richard Grafton]
Giulebbo, o estratto gemmato. Della spezieria de' Padri di Santo Spirito di Fiorenza
Roma ruens. Dagon falling before the Arke, or, The glory of Christ over-shadowing all other glories
A plaister for a galled horse Loke what here in shalbe redde wynse at nothyng, excepte ye be gylty for of vsurped power we be not a dradde, but God to be knowen, before preceptes fylthy we speake not agaynst Godes holy mystery but agaynst such, as loue
His Maiesties message to both Houses of Parliament; brought from the Isle of Wight upon Mouday [sic] the fourteenth of August 1648. By the right honourable, the Earle of Middlesex, Sir John Hipsley, and Master Bunckley concerning the personall treaty
The nevv vvorld of vvords. Or a general English dictionary Containing the proper significations, and etymologies of all words derived from other languages, viz. Hebrew, Arabick, Syriack, Greek, Latin, Italian, French, Spanish, Brittish, Dutch, Saxon
A sermon preach'd to the Society, for reformation of manners at Kingstone upon Thames, on July 17th 1700. Publish'd at the request of the Society. By Daniel Mayo, M.A. minister of the gospel in that town
Practical observations on the more obstinate and inveterate venereal complaints : By J. Swedia'r, M.D.
Iohn King liveing att the sign of the Globe in the Poultry, sells all sorts of prints and maps ...
An exact historie of the late revolutions in Naples, and of their monstrous successes, not to be parallel'd by any antient or modern history published by the Lord Alexander Giraffi in Italian ; and ... rendred into English, by J.H. Revolutioni di
A compleat catalogue of all the books lately printed concerning the coin. Note, the letter A shews those who have wrote for the raising the coin; the letter B the contrary: The * those that have performed extraordinary
Novum lumen medicum wherein the excellent and most necessary doctrine of the highly-gifted philosopher Helmont concerning the great mystery of the pholosophers sulphur. is fundamentally cleared by Joachim Poleman. Out of a faithful and good intent to
The school of manners, or Rules for childrens behaviour
An Essay of a new version of the Psalms of David consisting of the first twenty : fitted to the tunes used in churches
Llyfer plyagin [sic] ar catechisme ... Llyfer plygain ar catechisme
A satyr against marriage Satire against marriage
The speech of the Right Honourable Sir John Moore, Kt., Lord Mayor Elect, at Guild-Hall, Sept. 29, 1681
The fickle northern lass: or, The wronged shepherds resolution. He thought himself the jolliest of the crew, whilst that his love remained firm and true; but the false maid did prove to him disloyal, and was not constant to abide the tryal: which made
Breuiariu[m] secundu[m] vsum herford Breviary
[Imprint of John Day and William Seres]
The great venture shewing that man's life in this world is a venture, wherein he runs the hazard of an everlasting estate of happiness or misery in another world, according as he behaves himself here : also advice to youth, with several other things
Officium Eucharisticum a preparatory service to a devout and worthy reception of the Lords Supper ; to which is added, a meditation for every day in the week
A famous victory obtained, by Sir William Brewerton. Sir Thomas Fairfax. Sir William Fairfax. In a pitcht battle against the Lord Byron, (chief commander of the kings forces) at the raising of the siedge of Namptwitch. Together, with a list of all the
The historie of this iron age wherein is set down the true state of Europe, as it was in the year 1500 : also, the original, and causes of all the warres, and commotions, that have happened : together with a description of the most memorable battels
[Two illustrations from an unidentified work] [the first illustration depicts two women holding the head of a man and a sword outside a group of tents : the second illustration, captioned "Hiervsale[m]", depicts a man kneeling outside the walls of the ci
[Device of a pelican, on its nest, feeding its young beneath a star, with motto, "His qui diligunt"]
The charity of church-men: or, A vindication of Mr William Walwyn merchant, from the aspersions plentifully cast upon him in a pamphlet, intituled, Walwyn's wiles. By H.B. Med. a friend to truth, his county and Mr Walwyn
The sanctuarie of a troubled soule. by Sr. John Hayward ...
Annual International Conference on Ada
ACM/SIGPLAN Workshop Partial Evaluation and Semantics-Based Program Manipulation
The. xv. bookes of P. Ouidius Naso, entytuled Metamorphosis, translated oute of Latin into English meeter, by Arthur Golding Gentleman, a worke very pleasaunt and delectable. 1575 Metamorphoses
An exact accompt of the daily votes and resolves in both houses of Parliament. With those of the three nations, England, Scotland, and Ireland
A second beacon fired. Humbly presented to the Lord Protector and the Parliament by the publishers of the first. With their humble petition, that they would do what may be expected from Christian magistrates, in suppressing blasphemous books
[A dog at a three tiered fountain, and the letters "I" and "R"]
I. Lipsij Roma illustrata
Articles and ordinances of war, by the Committee of Estates, and his Excellence, the Lord Generall of the Army
The Office of The Holy week according to the missall and Roman breviary translated out of French with a new and ample explication taken out of the Holy Fathers, of the mysteries, ceremonies, Gospels, lessons, psalms, and of all that belongs to this
The Mariner's delight, or, The seaman's seaven wives. Being a pleasant new song; shewing how a seaman call'd Anthony courted a young maid whose name is Susan, in London ... To the tune of, Hail to the mirtle shades. Seaman's seaven wives
Sapientia clamitans, wisdome crying out to sinners to returne from their evill wayes: contained in three pious and learned treatises, viz. I. Of Christs fervent love to bloudy Ierusalem. II. Of Gods just hardning of Pharaoh ... III. Of mans timely
International Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces
Nicholas (Cardinal) Wiseman
[Heraldic device in oval frame topped by a griffin's head emerging from a crowned castle, with the motto "Auspicante Deo"]
A true narrative of the horrid hellish popish-plot To the tune of Packington's Pound, the first part. A true narrative of the horrid hellish popish-plot
Apples of gold for young men and vvomen, and a crown of glory for old men and women. Or, The happiness of being good betimes, and the honour of being an old disciple Clearly and fully discovered, and closely, and faithfully applyed. Also the young mans
Protestation du serenissime et tres-haut prince et seigneur Charles Louys, Comite Palatin du Rhin, Archidapiferi, &amp; Prince Electeur du S. Empire, Duc de Bavariae, &amp;c.; traduit de l'Allemand de mot à mot
Obedience and submission A sermon preached at St. Sauiours-Church in South-warke, at a visitation, on Tuesday, the eigth [sic] day of December: anno Dom. 1635. By Iohn Fealtly
Symposium on Interactive 3D Graphics
Marke beynge the disciple &amp; interpreter of Peter ...
The Puritan convert, not to prelatick Protestantism, and yet to prelatick Protestantism, nor to popery, and yet to popery, but absolutely ... to apostolical Christianity ..., or, A discourse by way of a letter shewing, that prelatick Protestants
Truth and innocency defended being a sober reply to some excesses in a treatise written by John Norris, concerning the divine light, wherein his personal reflections and misrepresentations of the Quakers about their principle of the light are further
Upon the meeting of the sons of the clergy at a sermon preached before them in Saint Pauls church the eighth of November, 1655 specifying their several capacities, as they stood in the time of the law, and now under the gospel
A proper new booke of cookery Declaryng what manner of meates is best in season, for all tymes in the yeare, [and] how they ought to be dressed and serued at the table both for flesh daies and fyshe dayes, with a new addition, very necessary for all
[Diagram naming the parts of a cannon barrel]
Pindarus in aedibus Justinianis
A booke of Christian prayers collected out of the ancient writers, and best learned in our time, worthy to be read with an earnest mind of all Christians, in these dangerous and troublesome daies, that God for Christes sake will yet still be mercifull
International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis
The equity of the Solemne League and Covenant iustified, against an infectious and libellous pamphlet: intituled, The iniquity of the late Solemne League and Covenant discovered. As it was lately sent from Oxford: and intercepted by the way to London
A poem on His Majesties return to White-Hall
Ars sciendi sive logica nova methodo disposita, et novis praeceptis aucta
By the King. A proclamation forbidding all His Majesties subjects belonging to the trained bands, or Militia of this kingdom, to rise, march, muster, or exercise, by vertue of any order or ordinance of one, or both houses of Parliament, without consent
The lavvfvlnes and vnlavvfvlnes of an oath or covenant set downe in short propositions agreeable to the law of God and man and may serve to rectifie the conscience of any reasonable man : very fitting for every man to take into serious consideration in
The practical Sabbatarian, or, Sabbath-holiness crowned with superlative happiness by John Wells
The humble petition of the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common councell assembled With an humble representation of the pressing grievances and important desires of the well-affected freemen, and covenant-engaged citizens
The Vniversity of Oxfords plea refuted, or, A full answer to a late printed paper, intituled, The priviledges of the University of Oxford in point of visitation together with the univ. answer to the summons of the visitors. Manifesting the vanity and fals
Directorium cosmeticum, or, A Directory for the female-sex being a father's advice to his daughter : wherein all young ones (especially those of that sex) are directed how they may obtain the greatest beauty and adorn themselves with a holy conversation
International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis
Clinician's manual on myelodysplastic syndromes
The true state and condition of the kingdom of Ireland, sent to the House of Commons from their committee there; whose names are signed thereto, viz. Robert Reynolds, Robert Goodwyn, both members of the said House. Also the true relation of the great
[Oval device of a pelican in her piety with the mottos "Pro lege rege, et grege" and "Love keepeth the lawe, obayeth the kinge and is good to the common wealth"]
England's merry jester: or, Court, city and country jests new, and suitable to the humours of the times; witty and familiar, for the encrease of merriment, and improvement of friendly conversation, as they are used among the wits of the age. To which
Joanes 1627 a new almanacke made for this present yeare of our Lord God 1627 and from the creation 5589, being the third yeare after the leape-yeare
Operating Systems Design and Implementation
[Richard Grafton's device with motto, "Suscipite insitum verbum &amp;c.; Iaco. I."]
Virginia impartially examined, and left to publick view, to be considered by all iudicious and honest men. Under which title, is comprehended the degrees from 34 to 39, wherein lyes the rich and healthfull countries of Roanock, the now plantations of Vir
Woodhouse, 1693 A new almanack for the year of our Lord, 1693. Being the [first] from bissextile, or leap-year, and from the worlds creation, 5642. [Wher]ein is contained a brief description of the four quarters of the year. [Exce]llent notes of
Leadership And Management In The Early Years From Principles To Practice
Soft Power Superpowers Cultural and National Assets of Japan and the United States
Journalism Ethics by Court Decree : The Supreme Court on the Proper Practice of Journalism
The Practice of American Public Policymaking
The British Press
Grammar from the human perspective : case, space and person in Finnish
Sound patterns in interaction : cross-linguistic studies from conversation : Typological studies in language,
ETRA: Eye Tracking Research &amp; Application
Russian Views on Countering Terrorism During Eight Years of Dialogue: Extracts from Proceedings of Four Workshops
Science and Technology and the Future Development of Societies International Workshop Proceedings
Symposium on Compiler Construction
Traditions of War Occupation, Resistance and the Law
Isaac Newton Lives and Legacies
Graduating exercises. Blackstone High School, at Congregational Church, on Thursday evening, June 27h, 1872.
The architecture of reason the structure and substance of rationality
Venture Capital Funding A Practical Guide to Raising Finance
Creative Compounding in English : The Semantics of Metaphorical and Metonymical Noun-Noun Combinations
SIGFORTH
Rennyo and the Roots of Modern Japanese Buddhism
Locating Medical History The Stories and Their Meanings
Biographical Dictionary of Chinese Women Antiquity Through Sui, 1600 B.C.E.--618 C.E.
Oxford Studies in Ancient Philosophy
The Lives of Agnes Smedley
Churchill The Unexpected Hero
Reward of merit. This certifies, that [Horatio Bliss] for diligence and attention to studies, and good conduct in school, merits my approbation and esteem. [AM Wade] instructor. ...
The home of the bees. This fine floral picture, by Prof. Wm. Hammer ... the above paintings on exhibition at Child &amp; Jenks' Gallery of Art, 127 Tremont Street, Boston.
Anger Management Games for Children
Conscience : a poetical essay. By William Gibson ...
Information Technology Outsourcing
The King's Council in the North
Principles of the law of contracts
The life and real adventures of Hamilton Murray. Written by himself. In three volumes.
The law of carriers of goods
A collection of twenty eight psalm tunes in four parts : by several authors printed to the new version of psalms for the use of the churches and chapels in and near Birmingham.
A short address to the yeomanry of England : and others. By John Somerville, Esq. Member Of The Board Of Agriculture.
A seasonable advice to all lovers of their country.
The platonic marriage: a novel : in a series of letters. By Mrs. Cartwright. ...
The case of Glocester Hall, in Oxford, rectifying the false stating thereof by Doctor Woodroffe.
An essay on architecture.
O'Connor's letters to Earl Camden : As published in the Courier of Monday, January 29.
Unconstitutional principles of the oaths bill : explained in the speeches of Sir Frederick Thesiger ... [et al.], during the debate, previous to the rejection of the bill by the House of Commons, on the 25th May, 1854.
An essay upon the civil wars of France : extracted from curious manuscripts. And also upon the epick poetry of the European nations, from Homer down to Milton. By Mr. de Voltaire. To which is prefixed, a short account of the author. By J.S.D.D.D.S.P.D.
Règles &amp; avis sur la dévotion &amp; la décence qu'on doit aporter dans l'exercice du culte public : En particulier dans l'usage des prières communes de l'église anglicane. Traduit de l'anglois, sur la quinzième édition.
The law of charitable trusts : with the statutes, and the orders, regulations, and instructions, issued pursuant thereto : and a selection of schemes
Sumner &amp; Allen's Music Rooms ... January 29th, 1867. ...
A system of the law of marine insurances : with three chapters on bottomry, on insurances on lives, and on insurances against fire
The associators vindicated and the protestors answered.
Of subjection to King George : Being a brief essay for reconciling Whigs and Torys, and abolishing all distinctions.
Official documents and interesting particulars of the glorious victory obtained over the French fleet : on Sunday, June 1, 1794, by the British fleet, under the command of Admiral Earl Howe: illustrated with an accurate engraving of the manœvering and line of battle of the two fleets on that memorable day.
Londons new recorder or, certain queres to be resolved by the old recorder, for Londons further welfare
A suuord against suuearers and blasph[e]mers shewing the lawfulnesse of an oath, and how great a sinne it is to swear falsly, vainly, or rashly. Sword against swearing
Loves fancy, or, The young-mans dream being a caveat for all young men and maids, to make hay in sun-shine and often in shades, for maiden-heads ripe, like corn in their prime, ungathered will shed after harvest-time, to a pleasant new tune, or the the
George, by the diuine prouidence, Bishop of London: to all and singuler archdeacons, deanes, and their officials, parsons, vicars, curates, churchwardens; and to all other ecclesiasticall officers and ministers, within my Diocesse of Winton, and the
An address to the members of the Royal College of Surgeons : on the regulation of the Surgical Department of the Royal Infirmary. By Andrew Wardrop.
Blacks &amp; blackness in Central America : between race and place
A select collection of psalms and hymns : extracted from several authors, and published for the use of the congregation of Holywell Chapel. By the Rev. Mr. Coughlan.
A tract concerning schisme and schismatiques. Wherein, is briefly discovered the originall causes of all schisme. Written by a learned and judicious divine. Together with certain animadversions upon some passages thereof. Tract concerning schisme with
The idea of Christian love being a translation, at the instance of Mr. Waller, of a Latin sermon upon John xiii, 34, 35, preach'd by Mr. Edward Young ... ; with a large paraphrase on Mr. Waller's poem Of divine love ; to which are added some copies of
The whole book of Psalmes. Collected into English meetre by Thomas Sternhold, Iohn Hopkins, and others: conferred with the Hebrew, with apt notes to sing them withall. Set forth and allowed to bee sung in all churches of all the people together before
A dictionary, English-Latin, and Latin-English containing all things necessary for the translating of either language into the other. To which end, many things that were erroneous are rectified, many superfluities retrenched, and very many defects
The gunners dialogue VVith the Art of great artillery. By Robert Norton, enginier. and gunner
Reports d'ascuns cases (qui ont evenus aux temps du roy Henry le Septiême de tres heureuse memoire, &amp; du tres illustre roy Henry le Huitiesme, &amp; ne sont comprises deins les livres des terms &amp; ans demesmes les roys) seligès hors des papiers de Robert
Disputatio juridica ad legem rhodiam de jactu quam favente deo opt max ex auctoritate cl. ac celeberrimi viri, D. D. Jacobi Steuart, equitis aurati, advocati regii inclytae facultatis juridicae decani. Necnon, exejusdem facultatis juridicae consensu
A true narrative of the case of Sir George Wheeler, &amp;c.; Relating to his petition delivered Feb. 6. to the Honourable House of Commons, in answer to a Paper, entituled, The case of the inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spittle-Fields, &amp;c.; Sir George Wheeler's
The complete florist : or, the lady and gentleman's recreation in the flower garden ; being a choice compendium of what hath been worthy notice, for the propagation, raising, Planting, Increasing, and preserving the rarest flowers and plants. Wherein Each Flower is so particularly described, that none can be at a Loss to know the Contents of the Flower-Garden. With full Directions for managing the different Sorts of Auriculas, Anemonies, Narcissus's, Hyacinths, Tulips, And all Bulbous Roots. Together with directions what to do each month in the year.
Pond an almanack for the year of our Lord God 1686 ... fitted for the meridian of Saffron-Walden in Essex
A sermon preached before the House of Lords : in the Abbey Church of Westminster, On Wednesday, June 11. 1746. Being the Day of His Majesty's Happy Accession to the Throne. By Matthew, Lord Bishop of Bangor.
The lottery display'd, or the adventurer's guide ; shewing the origin, nature, and management of the state lottery: The Errors and Losses incident to the Drawing, Registering and Examining: The Method of guarding against their pernicious Effects ; and of recovering Prizes, hitherto sunk through imperfect Intelligence, or Loss of Tickets. Also the nature of insuring tickets, With Rules for estimating the Premium, at any Period of the Drawing: to which is added, a concise view of all the state lotteries to the present time.
Syphilis. : a practical dissertation on the venereal disease. In which, after an account of its nature and original, the diagnostick and prognostick signs, with the best ways of curing that distemper, together with many Histories relating to the same, are candidly, and without Reserve, communicated. In two parts. The second edition, revised, corrected, and improved, not only by many considerable Observations interspersed through out the Book, but the Addition also of several rare Cases at the Close. With some Remarks, by Way of Supplement, on Dr. Willoughby's Translation of Monsieur Chicotneau's Method of Cure. Which he entitles, The Practice of Salivating shewn to be of no Use or Efficacy in the Cure of the Venereal Disease, but greatly prejudicial thereunto. (in which a casual Digression concerning Inoculation.) With A Letter from Mr. Samuel Palmer, to the Author of the said Remarks, on the Subject abovemention'd. By Daniel Turner, M.D. of the College of Physicians in London.
The holy Bible, containing the Old Testament and the New: Newly Translated out of the Original Tongues ; and With the former Translations diligently Compared and Revised. By His Majesty's special Command. Appointed to be read in Churches.
Marriage with a deceased wife's sister or with a niece contrary to the law of God and to the laws and customs of the Jews, to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ and of his apostles and also to nature
A practical treatise on ecclesiastical and civil dilapidations, re-instatements, waste, &amp;c.; : with an appendix containing cases decided, precedents of notices to repair, examples of valuations, surveys, estimates, &amp;c.;
Law of Independent Power
Iowa Practice Series–Elder Law
Handling the DWI Case in New York–Chemical and Field Testing
Hunting and Fishing Permit Information–Ohio
The seige of Breda by the armes of Phillip the Fourt vnder the gouernment of Isabella atchiued by the conduct of Ambr. Spinola Obsidio Bredana armis Philippi IIII
A discourse concerning Christ his incarnation, and exinanition. As also, concerning the principles of Christianity: by way of introduction
International Commercial Arbitration–Model Laws
A poem humbly dedicated to the Queen on the occasion of Her Majesty's happy conception by Edm. Arwaker
The Parliaments resolution, for the speedy sending an Army into the North: the Earl of Essex to be the generall; and that the Earl of Bedford be generall of the horse. Also, the true relation of a fight performed at New-Castle, between the Earle of
Illinois Construction Law Forms
International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes–Model Clause
Criminal Justice–Illinois Court Rules
An order of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament for setling and manageing of the places of the Lord Admirall, and Lord Warden of the Cinque-ports, in a committee of Lords and Commons
A true copy of a letter sent unto the right honourable the lord maior of London, from a trusty friend in the army. Written on Munday morning 24. Oct. immediarely [sic] after the battell
An outcry against the speedy hue and cry, after Generall Massey, Collonell Poyntz, and many other renowned reformadoes. Who for appeasing of tumults, being men of much trust and honour in the army: most active spirits for the reliefe of languishing
Four Seminars
Information for the Earl of Seaforth, against Sir John Dempster of Pitliver, and John Bain younger of Tulloch
The Kings Majesties instructions vnto the Earle of Northampton, the Lord Dunsmore, the high sheriff of the county of Warwick and the rest of the commissioners for putting the Commission of Array in execution in the said county of Warwick
Illinois Taxation Statutes
Tho. wyatis translatyon of Plutarckes boke, of the quyete of mynde De tranquilitate animi
Composita, or, A synopsis of the chiefest compostitions in use now with Galenists collected by Nich. Culpepper
A thundering voice out of Sion yet a tender visitation sounding forth to awaken all sorts of professors in this nation of England (and dominions thereof) who are scattered in the many by-wayes, sects and opinions, crying, lo here, and lo there, seeking
A case of conscience whether a nonconformist, who hath not taken the Oxford Oath, may come to live at London, or at any corporate town, or within five miles of it, and yet be a good Christian : stated briefly, and published in reference to what is
Westlaw eforms: Illinois Federal Courts
The royall exchange. A comedy, acted with general applause at the Black-Friers, by His Majesties Servants. Written by Mr. Richard Brome. Queens exchange
Illinois Rules Update Orders
International Chamber of Commerce–All
All the letters of the A.B.C. by euery sondrye letter wherof ther is a good document set-fourth and taught in ryme. Translated out of Base-almaine into English
Law and practice in divorce and other matrimonial causes
Hawaii Regulation Tracking and Text–Combined
Chastities conquest, or, No trusting before marriage. A new song, you virgins that your fame and honour prize. Learn here by saving both, how to be wise. Secure your treasure till you have secur'd the purchaser and then you are insur'd a thing that
A panegyrick to the memory of His Grace Frederick, late Duke of Schonberg ... by H. de Luzancy ... Abbregé de la vie de Frédéric duc de Schomberg
Drafting Tools: Illinois Environmental Forms and Checklists
A call to the unconverted to turn &amp; live and accept of mercy while mercy may be had, as ever they would find mercy in the day of their extremity. From the living God. By his unworthy servant Richard Baxter. To be read in families where any are
A wel-wisher. Wherein is briefly shevved, a ready vvay and meanes to procure the publike good ... Well-wisher
Pinax rerum naturalium Britannicarum continens vegetablilia, animalia et fossilia, in hac insulâ repperta inchoatus
Of industry in five discourses ... in general, in our general calling as Christians, in our particular calling as gentlemen, in our particular calling as scholars
The case of the Honourable Henry Cornwall, Esq; appellant, against a decree of dismission, and against a decree made in the Court of Chancery, ... in two causes; wherein the appellant was plaintiff: and Elizabeth Williams, ... defends. And the other
Tractatus de legibus &amp; consuetudinibus regni Angliae, tempore Regis Henrici secundi compositus, iusticiae gubernacula tenente illustri viro Ranulpho de Glanvilla iuris regni &amp; antiquarum consuetudinum eo tempore peritissimo. Et illas solum leges
International Commercial Arbitration–Awards
A golden topaze, or, Heart-jewell namely, a conscience purified and pacified by the blood and spirit of Christ
A briefe description of the whole world wherein is particularly described all the monarchies, empires and kingdomes of the same, with their academies : as also their several titles, and situations thereunto adjoyning
Of charity to the houshold of faith a sermon preach'd before the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, the aldermen, and governors of the several hospitals of the city, at St. Bridget's Church on Easter-Monday, 1698 : being one of the anniversary
The laws respecting commons and commoners : in which the whole law relative to the rights and privileges of both lords and commoners is laid down in the most plain, easy, and familiar manner : and in which the law relative to the inclosing of commons, is particularly attended to ...
Nevves from Spayne and Holland conteyning. An information of Inglish affayres in Spayne vvith a conferrence made thereuppon in Amsterdame of Holland. VVritten by a gentleman trauelour borne in the lovv countryes, and brought vp from a child in Ingland
The second part of the reports of Sir George Croke, Knight late one of the justices of the Court of Kings-Bench, and formerly one of the justices of the Court of Common-Bench : of such select cases as were adjudged in the said courts during the whole
The unfortunate politique, first written in French by C.N. Englished by G.P. Cour sainte
A pastoral letter from a minister to his parishioners being an earnest exhortation to them to take care of their souls; and a preparative in order to render all his future methods of instruction more effectual to their edification
The history of the Athenian Society, for the resolving all nice and curious questions. By a gentleman who got secret intelligence of their whole proceedings. To which are prefix'd several poems, written by Mr. Tate, Mr. Motteux, Mr. Richardson, and
Hunting and Fishing Permit Information–Kansas
The catechisme or maner to teach children the Christen region [sic] vvherein the minister demaundeth the questio[n], and the child maketh ansvvere
Certaine papers, which passed betwixt his Majestie of Great Britaine, in the time of his being with the Scottish army in New-Castle. And Mr. Alexander Henderson concerning the change of church government. Anno Dom. 1646
Whereas His Majestie by his gracious letters, bearing date the two and twentieth day of September last to us the lord lieutenant directed, taking notice, that the late commissioners for executing the Acts of Settlement &amp; Explanation, did not by virtue
The names of the knights, citizens, burgesses for the boroughs, and barons for the ports for the honourable assembly of the House of Commons for the High Court of Parliament begun at Westminster the 18. day of Iune, in the first yeere of the raigne of
A serious expostulation with that party in Scotland, commonly known by the name of Whigs wherein is modestly and plainly laid open the inconsistency of their practices I. With the safety of humane society, II. With the nature of the Christian religion
Euphrates, or the waters of the east being a short discourse of that secret fountain, whose water flows from fire; and carries in it the beams of the sun and moon. By Eugenius Philalethes
Status naturae non est status belli Omnes planetae sunt corpora opaca
Renowned Robin Hood: or, His famous archery truly related: with the worthy exploits he acted before Queen Katherine, he being an out-law man, and how she for the same obtained of the king, his owne, and his fellowes pardon. To a new tune. His famous
A relation of the battel [sic] of Landen Being a collection of the several accounts thereof. Published by authority
The proces or vnpardonable crimes committed by the parisians leaguers, who haue beene authors of all the troubles, warres, and calamities in France, and at this present feeling them selues oppressed with miserie, in most humble sort doe seeke and
An historicall narration of the judgement of some most learned and godly English bishops, holy martyrs, and others: (whereof III; viz. Archbishop Cranmer, B. Latimer, and Bishop Hooper, suffred martyrdome, in the dayes of Queen Mary, for the truth and
The tragical end and death of the Lord Iames Regent of Scotland, lately set forth in Scottish, and printed at Edinburgh. 1570. And now partly turned in to English Regentis tragedie
An Answer to a paper entituled A brief account of the designs of the papists against the Earl of Shaftsbury, occasioned by his commitment, July 2, 1681
International Bar Association–Rules
The loving enemy or A famous true history written orignally in the French tongue, by the most incomparable pen-man of this age, J. P. Camus B. of Belley. Made English by Maior Wright, as his recreation, during his imprisonment. Voyageur incogneu
The declaration of the Lords spiritual and temporal in and about the cities of London and Westminister assembled at Guild-hal 11 Dec. 1688
International Commercial Arbitration–Model Clauses
The meritorious price of our redemption, iustification, &amp;c.; Cleering it from some common errors; and proving, Part I. 1. That Christ did not suffer for us those unutterable torments of Gods wrath, that commonly are called hell-torments, to redeem our
The fall of angels laid open I. in the greatness of the sin that caus'd it, II. in the grievousness of the punishment inflicted for it, III. the honour of divine goodness in permitting the one, and of divine justice in inflicting the other vindicated
Mr. George Blackvvel, (made by Pope Clement 8. Arch-priest of England) his answeres vpon sundry his examinations together, with his approbation and taking of the Oath of allegeance: and his letter written to his assistants, and brethren, moouing them
An answer to a rash dialogue betwixt Jack and Will containing that part of his argument wherein he asserts, viz, that the dissenters are members of the Church of England : with some occasional remarks on head-corporation-magistrates, as dissenters
Boanerges and Barnabas: judgment and mercy, or, wine and oil. For wounded and afflicted souls In two parts. By Fra. Quarles. Barnabas and Boanerges
Church-government and church-covenant discvssed, in an answer of the elders of the severall churches in New-England to two and thirty questions, sent over to them by divers ministers in England, to declare their judgments therein. : Together with An
Tractatus de demonstratione methodicus et polemicus quatuor libris absolutus : antehac in usum iuventutis in collegio Wadhami apud Oxonienses privatis prae. lectionibus traditus
Diuine fancies digested into epigrammes, meditations, and observations
Iowa Statutes–Annotated
Henrici octaui regis angliae et Franciae, fidei defensoris, supremiq[ue], post Christum Anglicae Ecclesiae capitis, Ad Carolum Caesarem Augustum ... epistola qua Rex facilè causas ostendit, &amp; curis Vincentiam, ad Concilium falso nomine generale
Iowa Workers' Compensation Forms, Checklists, and Clauses
Investigating Sexual Harassment: A Practical Guide to Resolving Complaints
A sermon preached before the honourable House of Commons at their late solemne monethly fast Januarie 29th, 1644 wherein these foure necessary considerations are plainly proved and demonstrated out of the holy Scriptures, viz
Two speeches of the Right Honourable William, Lord Viscount Say and Seale, Mr. of his Majesties Court of Wards and Liveries, and one of his Majesties most honourable Privy Councell, spoken in Parliament. The first upon the bill against bishops. The
Hawaii Blue Sky Statutes
The art of rhetorick concisely and compleatly handled exemplified out of holy writ, and with a compendious and perspicuous comment, fitted to the capacities of such as have had a smatch of learning, or are otherwise ingenious. By J.B. master of the
Fovvre seuerall treatises of M. Tullius Cicero conteyninge his most learned and eloquente discourses of frendshippe: oldage: paradoxes: and Scipio his dreame. All turned out of Latine into English, by Thomas Newton. Selections
The Queen, or, The excellency of her sex an excellent old play
Iowa Blue Sky Combined
MDCLXXXV. Cambridge ephemeris An almanack of the coelestial motions for the year of the Christian aera, 1685 : being the [brace] Creation of the world 5634, Floud of Noah 3978, Suffering of Christ 1652, Laying found of Harv. Co. 43, Leap year (in our
Prometheus Christianus, or, A treatise shewing the folly and vanity of atheism and containing the solution of the main arguments of the Socinians, the Arrians, the deists, and other unitarians ... : whereunto is annex'd the refutation of some dogmatical
Two discourses
Upon Mr. Bobard's yew-men of the guards to the physick garden to the tune of The counter-scuffle
A true souldiers councel Experimentall discoverie of Spanish practises
Hawaii Blue Sky Combined
God save the King, or, The loyal and joyfull acclamation of subjects to their King as it was opened in a sermon, preached in one of the congregations of the city of Edinburgh
Britain reviv'd in a panegyrick to their Most August Majesties William and Mary : a pindaric poem
The blasphemous Socinian heresie disproved and confuted wherein the doctrinal and controversial parts of those points are handled, and the adversaries scripture and school-arguments answered : with animadversions upon a late book called, Christianity
The knightly tale of Golagros and Gawane Golagros and Gawane
A mirrour for Anabaptists in three rational discourses that may put the blush upon them, viz. 1. Paedobaptism defended and justified. 2. Anabaptism plainly confuted. 3. Some valid and suasory reasons to draw them from the errour of their way, to
A sermon preached in St. Maries Church at Gates-head, in the county-Palatine of Durham Upon Hosea V. 12. Therefore will I be to Ephraim as a moth. By Richard Werge, A.M. rector of that church
[Mamillia] [the triumph of Pallas] Triumph of Pallas
A most easie way to attaine to the true reading of English, with short rules for the teacher. By N.W. gent
Here is a good boke to lerne to speke French Lytell treatyse for to lerne Englysshe and Frensshe
Conventicula fanaticorum dissipata
The spirit of the martyrs revived in a brief compendious collection of the most remarkable passages and living testimonies of the true church, seed of God, and faithful martyrs in all ages. Contained in several ecclesiastical histories and chronological
A letter from Dr. P. to the Bishop of R--- in vindication of his sermon on Trinity Sunday
Immigration Legislation Handbook
A discours hapned. Betwene an hermite called Nicephorus &amp; a yong louer called Tristan, who for that his Mistresse Petronilla entred into religion would faine become an hermite. All faithfullie dravven out of the historie of Petronilla, composed in
Global Employment Trends 2012
The Cameroon Condition
Writing Postcolonial Histories of Intercultural Education
Verbal Complex in Subordinate Clauses from Medieval to Modern German
A Fallen Citadel and Other Poems
Jeff in petticoats. : the music can be obtained at the music-store of Wm. A. Pond &amp; Co., 547 Broadway, New-York.
Departures from Post-Colonial Authoritarianism Analysis of System Change with a Focus on Tanzania
Inkjet-based Micromanufacturing
2009 Labour Overview Latin America and the Caribbean
Fixing Haiti : MINUSTAH and beyond
Vom Palõlithikum zur Postmoderne - Die Genese unseres Epochen-Systems : Bd. I: Von den Anfñgen bis zum Ausgang des 17. Jahrhunderts
A Dynamic Approach to Second Language Development Methods and Techniques
Stress prevention at work checkpoints Practical Improvements for Stress Prevention in the Workplace
There is an Alternative Economic Policies and Labour Strategies Beyond the Mainstream
Cameroon Grassfields Civilization
The Lords protest. Die Jovis 28 Jan. 1741. The order of the day being read for resuming the adjourned debate, which arose yesterday, upon a motion then made in the words following, viz.
Detective Fiction and The African Scene From The Whodunit? To The Whydunit?
Enhancing Professional Development for Teachers Potential Uses of Information Technology, Report of a Workshop
Multilingual Norms
Studies on growth with equity A new social contract for fair and equitable growth
Earth Negotiations : Analyzing Thirty Years of Environmental Diplomacy
Building Physics - Heat, Air and Moisture Fundamentals and Engineering Methods with Examplesand Exercises
Women and kinship : comparative perspectives on gender in South and South-East Asia
African Christianity The Stranger Within
Variation in the Caribbean : from Creole continua to individual agency
The nether side of New York or, The vice, crime and poverty of the great metropolis.
Global Risks Constructing World Order Through Law, Politics and Economics
Thinking the Inevitable China's Economic Superpower Aspiration in the New Paradigm
Boronic Acids Preparation and Applications in Organic Synthesis, Medicine and Materials
Through Other Eyes : Developing Empathy and Multicultural Perspectives in the Social Studies (2nd Edition)
School, Community and Lifelong Learning
Globalisation and Reform in Higher Education
Math and Literature, Grades 2-3
Crisis : causes, prospects and alternatives
Informing Transitions In The Early Years
National Assessments of Educational Achievement, 1 Assessing National Achievement Levels in Education
Acting Antics A Theatrical Approach to Teaching Social Understanding to Kids and Teens with Asperger Syndrome
Laws of business for all the states of the Union : with forms and directions for all transactions
How to be a Student 100 Great Ideas and Practical Habits for Students Everywhere
Critical Issues in Early Childhood Education
Writing in Math Class : A Resource for Grades 2-8
Reforms in Higher Education Debate and Diversity
American Hotel, Richfield Springs, Otsego County, N.Y. : the subscribers having recently purchased the above named hotel ... would invite the attention of the public to their establishment. These springs, for many years past, have been extensively resorted to for both health and pleasure, and the number of visitors is yearly increasing. ...
Schooling and social change, 1964-1990
The new Margate and Ramsgate guide in letters to a friend describing the accomodations &amp; amusements of those delightful watering places in prose &amp; verse.
School's In Federalism and the National Education Agenda
A complete system of Italian book-keeping : according to the modern method, practised by merchants and others. To which is added. Tables and their use for computing the value of leases and fines to be paid : together with a table and method of estimating the value of annuities upon lives. By Daniel Dowling ...
Athenæum and Mechanics' Association lecture course, of 1865, 1866.
Articles of impeachment of high treason, and other high crimes and misdemeanours, against Robert, &amp; c.
Speech of the Right Honourable Sylvester Douglas in the House of Commons : Tuesday, April the 23d, 1799, ON Seconding The Motion Of The Right Honourable The Chancellor Of The Exchequer, For The House To Agree With The Lords In AN Address To His Majesty relative to a union with Ireland.
Money, trains, and guillotines : art and revolution in 1960s Japan
Arthur C. Clarke
1000 Things You Should Know about Space
Studio Affairs My Life as a Film Director
Rivers 1627 a new almanacke and prognostication for the yeare since the Nativitie of Christ MDCXXVII, beeing the third after leape-yeare : calculated for the Vniversitie of Cambridge, and may generally serve for the whole ile of Great Brittaine
Qabus ibn Sa'id
Arithmetick: vulgar, decimal, instrumental, algebraical. In four parts: conteining I Vulgar arithmetick, both in whole numbers and fractions, in a most plain and easie method. II Decimal arithmetick, with the ground and reason thereof, illustrated by
Here begynneth the boke of knowledge of thynges vnknowen aperteynynge to astronomye with certayne necessarye rules, and certayne speres contaynyng herein compyled by Godfridus super Palladum de agricultura Anglicatum. This booke of astronomye
The communicants duty set forth in eight sermons
A catalogue of the library of ... Mr. Robert Wallis ... consisting of variety of scarce and valuable Latin and English books in most sorts of learning, which will be sold by auction, on Monday the 2d of April, 1688
Reward of merit presented to [Sylvanus D. Currier,] Up in the morning early, by daylight's earliest ray, with our books prepared to study the lessons of the day. By [E.F. Judkins].
Recusants conversion a sermon preached at St. James, before the Prince on the 25. of Februarie. 1608. By Daniell Price Master of Arts, of Exeter Colledge in Oxford
The Faithfull souldier, or, The Speech of a common souldier concerning his arreares and putting the King to death
Sulpitii Verulani oratoris prestantissimi opus insigne grammaticum feliciter incipit
Victor Hugo
An ordinance for continuation of an act intituled, An act for laying an imposition upon coles, towards the building and maintaining ships for guarding the seas. Monday 20th March, 1653. Ordered by His Highness the Lord Protector and the Council, that
News from Epsom: or, The revengful lady shewing how a young lady there was beguil'd by a London-gallant; who when he had done, boasted of the conquest, for which unworthy fact, she wittily reveng'd her self of the tell-tale; and made a capon of a
Remarks on the Hon. Edward Livingston's introductory report to his system of penal law, prepared for the State of Louisiana
A moderate short discourse concerning tenderness of conscience by John Bradshaw
Lamar Archaeology Mississippian Chiefdoms in the Deep South
A Specimen of the state of the nation humbly represented to both Houses of Parliament
Here begynneth the boke of Troylus and Creseyde newly printed by a trewe copye. Troilus and Criseyde
Michigan (Adventure Guide)
Klaus Störtebeker
Evelyn Waugh
An analysis of the principles of equity pleading : containing a compendium of the practice of the High Court of Chancery, and the foundation of its rules, together with an illustration of the analogy between pleadings at common law and in equity
A Hebrew Chronicle from Prague, C. 1615
Mr VVilliam Prynn his defence of stage-plays, or A retractation of a former book of his called Histrio-mastix. Histrio-mastix
A worthy mirror, wherein you may marke, an excellent discourse of a breeding larke: by reading whereof, perceiue well you may, what trust is in friends or in kinsfolke to stay. To the tune of Rogero. Rogero
Carmen Pindaricum in Theatrum Sheldonianum in solennibus magnifici operis Encaeniis recitatum Julii die 9 anno 1669 a Corbetto Owen
Les reports des divers special cases adjudge en le Court del comon bank en les reignes de les tres hault &amp; excellent princes Hen. VIII. Edw. VI. et les reignes Mar. &amp; Eliz
Performing arts
His Majesties declaration to all his loving subjects, touching the causes and reasons that moved him to dissolve the two last Parliaments
Monkeyshines and Ewe Explores North Carolina's Economy, Communities and Environment
Alexander Hamilton
Articles of peace between the emperour and empire, and France concluded in the royal palace of Reswick, in Holland, October 30, 1697. Treaties, etc
Remarks on the forty second and forty third Psalms.
Hermann Hesse
By the Lord Deputy and Council. Tyrconnell. and to promote malicious slanders and calumnies, ... Whereas several persons of wicked and restelss spirits have industriously gone about to spread false news
John Steinbeck
The treasurie of commodious conceits, &amp; hidden secrets and may be called, the huswiues closet, of healthfull prouision. Mete and necessarie for the profitable vse of all estates both men and women: and also pleasaunt for recreation, with a necessary
Reward of merit. Presented to [Annie Fessenden] by [Abbie M. Allen] teacher. [Anna M. Fessenden Townsend, Mass. 1865].
A dangerous plot discovered By a discourse, wherein is proved, that, Mr: Richard Mountague, in his two bookes; the one, called A new gagg; the other, A iust appeale: laboureth to bring in the faith of Rome, and Arminius: vnder the name and pretence of
The Great Catherine II
The common almanacke or kalender, drawen foorth for this yeere. 1587. beyng the thyrde from the leape yeere. VVhereunto is annexed, and diarily compared the new kalender of the Romans ... and also a prognostication for the same yeere, diligently
The Royall entertainment, presented by the loyalty of the city, to the royalty of their soveraign, on Thursday the fourth of July 1660. When the city of London invited his Majesty, the Duke of York, the Duke of Glocester, and their royall retinue, to a
By the Lord Deputy and Council. Tyrconnell. Whereas several persons disaffected to his Majesties most serene and auspicious government, have of late in a riotous and warlike manner assembled together in several parts of this his kingdom, ... Whereas
The nevv birth: or A treatise of regeneration deliuered in certaine sermons, and published by William Whately, preacher and minister of Banbury in Oxfordshire
Constantine I, the Great
A history of factory legislation
Groundbreaking Scientific Experiments, Inventions &amp; Discoveries of the 17th Century
Global Production Networking and Technological Change in East Asia
Witch Hunts: From Salem to Guantanamo Bay
Global Road Warrior: 95-Country Handbook for the International Business Traveler and Communicator
A new Atalantis : for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.
Global Warming Desk Reference
Jubilee law lectures, 1889-1939 : School of Law, the Catholic University of America
Gore Vidal
First Crack
The Montana Frontier One Woman's West
Gunboats, Corruption, and Claims : Foreign Intervention in Venezuela, 1899-1908
Guerrilla Warfare A Historical, Biographical and Bibliographical Sourcebook
A Guide to the Spiritual Dimension of Care for People with Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementia More than Body, Brain and Breath
Guns, Violence, and Identity among African American and Latino Youth
Neopragmatism and Theological Reason
Fundamental Principles of Occupational Health and Safety
Evolution of the Judicial Opinion Institutional and Individual Styles
Mind and Body
George Eliot's Dialogue with John Milton
Denationalisation of Defence Convergence and Diversity
George Washington's Mount Vernon: At Home in Revolutionary America
Seamus Heaney and the Emblems of Hope
The European Real Estate Society Conference 2006
Gabriel Marcel's Perspectives on the Broken World
Governance of the City University of New York: A System at Odds with Itself
God, Humanity, and History The Hebrew First Crusade Narratives
Guerrillas &amp; Generals : The 'Dirty War' in Argentina
Global Economy, Global Justice: Theoretical and Policy Alternatives to Neoliberalism
Global Labour Flexibility : Seeking Distributive Justice
Daddy Grace A Celebrity Preacher and His House of Prayer
Foxbats Over Dimona The Soviets' Nuclear Gamble in the Six-Day War.
Hall of Three Pines An Account of My Life
Human Rights A Very Short Introduction.
World Wide Web Applications in South Africa
Safety Culture Building and Sustaining a Cultural Change in Aviation and Healthcare
Great Captains of Antiquity
You are invited to an exhibition of two marble groups "Aurora" by Faggioni. Centennial group "First fourth of July" by Larkin G. Mead. Respectfully yours. Shreve, Crump &amp; Low. ...
Selected papers - 6th International Conference on Corporate Social Responsibility 2007, Kuala Lumpur
Globalization &amp; Urban Development
This abled body : rethinking disabilities in biblical studies
Growth Management in Florida Planning for Paradise
Urban enigmas : Montreal, Toronto, and the problem of comparing cities
Zacks Equity Research
Speculations upon law and lawyers : applicable to the manifest hardships, uncertainty, and abusive practice of the common law.
Morality from the Devil. Quevedo in England: or, The dreamer.
Nostromo
Discourse, Practice, Policy and Organizing
Jenny get your hoe cake done.
International Perspectives on Education, Training and Learning
The First World War a very short introduction
The art of pleasing in conversation : in French and English. Written by the famous Cardinal Richelieu.
Lettres critiques, sur divers écrits de nos jours, contraires à la religion &amp; aux mœurs. Par M. C***
March, 1853. : Books at private sale, by Bangs, Brother &amp; Co., trade sale rooms, no. 13 Park Row, New York. Bohn's library series, now in course of publication, by Mr. Henry G. Bohn, London.
A collection of treaties, alliances, and conventions, relating to the security, commerce, and navigation of the British dominions, made since His Majesty's happy accession to the crown. Published by authority.
A grammatical chart, or, Private instructor of the English language. : Presenting at one view all the rudiments of the English grammar ; illustrated by appropriate examples ; also, paragraphs including all the questions necessary to be answered, together with the rules to be applied by the pupil in parsing.
Unto the Right Honourable, the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of Archibald Douglas, late surgeon in Lockerby, now in Langholm.
A parallel of the antient architecture with the modern : in a collection of ten principal authors who have written upon the five orders ... Written in French by Roland Freart ... To which is added An account of architects and architecture ... With Leon Baptista Alberti's Treatise of statues. By John Evelyn ...
The first satire of the second book of Horace, imitated : in dialogue between Alexander Pope of Twickenham, in Com' Mid' Esq ; and his learned council. To which is added, the second satire of the same book. By the same hand. Never before printed.
Francis Secor vs. Mary Pell, et al.
The case of John Nelson
Virginia City, Nev. Monday October 4, 1869. : Sutro Tunnel Company. In order that the public may properly understand the present status of the Sutro Tunnel Company, and the powers vested in their agent, Mr. Adolph Sutro, the following is hereby submitted ...
Principles of virtue and morality : or essays and meditations on various subjects.
Unto the Right Honourable, the Lords of Council and Session, the petition of Thomas Meek merchant in Dunbar ...
Boston Museum ... Complete success of The Colleen Bawn. The star combination cast. C.W. Couldock as Danny Mann. ... May 23d, 1861 ...
Conclusions of law and order : United States of America v. Microsoft Corporation, C.A. 98-1232 : State of New York, ex rel. Eliot Spitzer, et al., v. Microsoft Corporation, C.A. 98-1233.
Newark Opera House ... Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, &amp; Saturday! October 27, 28, 29, and 30th [1869] ... Wednesday evening ... the performance will conclude with the musical and grotesque burlesque, entitled Rip Van Winkle. Modernized in Webster's dictionary expressly for the Zavistowski sisters, and called Wip Wan Winkle ... Characters and personal of the new local burlesque, full of sparking wit, humor, and beautiful music, entitled Rip Van Winkle ... The performance will commence with the roaring farce ... entitled Jumbo Jum ...
Proposals for printing by subscription, in one volume in quarto, a commentary critical and theological upon the learned Mr. William Warburton's Apologetical dedication to the Reverend Dr. Henry Stebbing. Containing the entire prolegomena to the said work, with a curious frontispiece. By Martinus Scriblerus junior.
Memoir of the Hon. Samuel Hoar : prepared agreeably to a resolution of the Massachusetts Historical Society
Declarations of trust as effective substitutes for incorporation
History of Massachusetts, by Rev. John Stetson Barry. : In three volumes octavo, averaging five hundred pages each. ... Boston: Published for the author, and for sale by his general agent, James B. Bell. Office, no. 4 Cornhill Court, rear or Joy's Building. ... The three are now finished, and ready for delivery. ...
Revere House. Dinner on the anniversary of the birth of Daniel Webster. Tuesday, January 18, 1859. ...
Research in Nursing and Health Understanding and Using Quantitative and Qualitative Methods
Working With Hannah A Special Girl in a Mainstream School
The "Wicked Rebellion" and the Republic : Henry Tuckerman's civil war
Writer's Tool Kit
Art of advocates and public speaking
Working with Troubled Youth in Schools : A Guide for All School Staff
The rights of kings.
What I Learned in Medical School Personal Stories of Young Doctors
Women and Romance A Reader
Water Resources Sector Strategy: Strategic Directions for World Bank Engagement
The synthesis of the elements : the astrophysical quest for nucleosynthesis and what it can tell us about the universe
Some account of the experience of E.J.
Women's Education in the Third World Comparative Perspectives
The WetFeet insider guide to careers in advertising and public relations
The lottery. A farce : As it is acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane. By His Majesty's servants. With the musick prefix'd to each song.
The relationship of landlord and tenant
Any of the following styles of dies [sic], $3.00, to remain in our possession. ... S. Wing &amp; Co., mount makers, Charlestown, Mass.
Women under the law of Massachusetts : their rights, privileges, and disabilities
Laws of business for all the states of the Union and the Dominion of Canada : with forms and directions for all transactions, and abstracts of the laws of all the states on various topics
Laws of business for all the states and territories of the Union and the Dominion of Canada : with forms and directions for all transactions, and abstracts of the laws of all the states and territories on various topics
The law of general average, English and foreign
A history of the libel suit of Clarence H. Venner against August Belmont : how a plaintiff who had been called a practical blackmailer discontinued his suit for libel when confronted with an order for his examination as to the truth of the charge.
The development of spiritual life in Bosnia under the influence of Turkish rule
In the matter of the claim of the Girard Bank against the estate of Charles S. Boker, dec'd. : argument of John T. Montgomery on behalf of Mr. Boker's estate, before Furman Sheppard ; from the photographic notes of J.F. McDevitt.
The business man's assistant and legal guide : containing the laws of Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York ...
Hayes &amp; Jarman's concise forms of wills : with practical notes.
The present state of the nation : particularly with respect to its trade, finances, &amp;c.; &amp;c.; addressed to the King, and both Houses of Parliament.
A practical treatise on the law relating to the specific performance of contracts
What Are the Chances? Voodoo Deaths, Office Gossip, and Other Adventures in Probability
Dr. Christie's galvanic circular.
Jurisprudence
A short description of the Isle of Thanet : being chiefly intended as a directory for the company resorting to Margate, Ramsgate, and Broadstairs. With a map of the island.
Investigation of title : being a practical treatise and alphabetical digest of the law connected with the title to land, with precedents of requisitions
Motion aux etats generaux : tendante a rendre la caisse d'escompte, caisse tout a la sois Nationale &amp; Auxiliaire, c'est-a-dire, a employer ses benences a l'acquit de la dette publique dans le laps de vingt cinq ans, quelqu'en soit la quotite ; &amp; a secourir les citoyens de tous les ordres meritant protection.
Arithmetical trigonometry being the solution of all the usual cases in plain trigonometry by common arithmetick without any tables whatsoever : to which is added an easie, exact and speedy method for making the tables of natural sines, tangents and
Customer choice in automotive repair shops : hearing before the Subcommittee on Consumer Affairs, Foreign Commerce and Tourism of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session,
Cybersecurity : getting it right : hearing of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Science, and Research and Development before the Select Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, July 22, 2003
Debit cards and unsolicited loan checks : hearing before the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session, September 24,
Cyber security : the challenges facing our nation in critical infrastructure protection : hearing before the Subcommittee on Technology, Information Policy, Intergovernmental Relations, and the Census of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Repre
A vindication of our blessed Saviours genealogy. From the cavils of antiscripturists, and the accounts that two evangelists give of it, set in so clear a light, as may at once satisfie the well meaning seeker, and silence the irreligious disputant
Current security situation on the Korean Peninsula : hearing before the Committee on Armed Services, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, September 16, 2010
Defense Travel System : boon or boondoggle? : hearing before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, September 29, 2005
Deleting commercial pornography sites from the Internet : the U.S. financial industry's efforts to combat this problem : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, On
Current economic, social, and security conditions of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands : oversight hearing before the Subcommittee on Insular Affairs of the Committee on Natural Resources, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth C
The third dayes creation. By that most excellent, learned, and diuine poet, VVilliam, Lord Bartas. Done verse for verse out of the originall French by Thomas VVinter, Master of Arts Sepmaine
Geoffrey Chaucer
Plain truth, or, A seasonable discourse of the duties of people to their pastors In an essay upon Heb. 13:17 Obey them that have the Rule over you, &amp;c;
CEO-Speak The Language of Corporate Leadership
World Health Report 2001 Mental Health: New Understanding, New Hope.
Cyber security : private-sector efforts addressing cyber threats : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commerce, Trade, and Consumer Protection, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, Novem
Deepwater implementation : hearing before the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, June 21, 2005
Haitian revolutionary studies
Creating a consumer financial protection agency : a cornerstone of America's new economic foundation : hearing before the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, on the creatio
Les reports de Edvvard Coke L'attorney generall le Roigne de diuers resolutions &amp; iudgements donnes auec graund deliberation, per les tresreuerendes iudges, &amp; sages de la ley, de cases &amp; matters en ley queux ne fueront vnques resolue, ou aiuges par
Crime in the National Capital. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, first [and second] session[s] ... Part 9
Omnia sunt vnum. ; Syllogismus physiognomonicus est [tekn-?-rioudez?]. Act verses Syllogismus physiognomonicus est [tekn-?-rioudez
Gaon of Vilna The Man and His Image
Those fyue questions, which Marke Tullye Cicero, disputed in his manor of Tusculanum: written afterwardes by him, in as manye bookes, to his frende, and familiar Brutus, in the Latine tounge. And nowe, oute of the same translated, &amp; englished, by Iohn
A short account of the life of the Right Reverend Father in God, Thomas Ken : D.D. sometime Ld Bp of Bath and Wells. By W. Hawkins of the Middle-Temple, Esq ; To which is added, a small specimen in order to a publication of his works at large.
Eminent Lives in Twentieth-Century Science and Religion (2nd Edition)
Don Quixote de la Mancha
The secret history of state intrigues in the management of the Scepter : in the late reign.
Principal rules of the Italian grammer with a dictionarie for the better vnderstandynge of Boccace, Pethrarcha, and Dante: gathered into this tongue by William Thomas: newly corrected and imprinted, in the yéere of our Lorde God, 1567
Literary Contexts in Novels : Isak Dinesen's 'Out of Africa'
Food in Medieval England Diet and Nutrition
The petition and reasons of both Houses of Parliament, to His Majesty, to forbeare his intended iourney to Ireland; sent the 15, and presented the 18 of April. By the Earle of Stamford, Sir John Culpepper Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Anthony
The ancient method and manner of holding of parliaments in England being the collections of Henry Elsynge, Esq
Cybersecurity : next steps to protect our critical infrastructure : hearing before the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, February 23, 2010
Report of the Military Board. : To the president of the Council and the speaker of the House of Representatives of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas: I am instructed by the Military Board, organized under the act entitled "An act to organize and regulate the militia of Kansas Territory," to report to your honorable bodies that said board has taken the following action ...
Mobile Media and the Change of Everyday Life
Congressional-Executive Commission on China, Annual Report 2006; One Hundred Ninth Congress, Second Session
Crusader artillery system : hearing before the Committee on Armed Services, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, May 16, 2002
Devout reflections on time, and eternity with various considerations and counsells, to assist our victory over this present world, and help us to prepare for an everlasting state. An introduction is prefixt concerning the first day of the year: how it
The rebels plea, or, Mr. Baxters judgment concerning the late wars in these particulars : viz. the originall of government, coordinate and legislative power in the two Houses, third estate, force upon the Houses in 1642, principles the Houses went by at
A most excellent and comfortable treatise, for all such as are any maner of way either troubled in mynde or afflicted in bodie, made by Andrew Kingesmyl gentleman, sometime fellowe of Alsolne Colledge in Oxforde. VVhereunto is adioyned a verie godly and
Vulgaria Therentii in Anglicanam linguam traducta
Hastiness unto anger described and disgraced pleas for it exposed and prescriptions against it ministered : to which is added, An address unto all the faithful ministers of the land
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled Prohibiting the importation of whale-oyle, fins, or gils, but by ships set forth from hence, and by English subjects. Die Martis 6. Maii. 1645
Covered bonds : potential uses and regulatory issues : hearing before the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, on examining covered bonds, their potential uses, and regulat
A treatise against the Defense of the censure, giuen upon the bookes of W.Charke and Meredith Hanmer, by an unknowne popish traytor in maintenance of the seditious challenge of Edmond Campion ... Hereunto are adjoyned two treatises, written by D.Fulke
Criminal activity and violence along the southern border : hearing before the Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, August 16, 2006
Crime in America--in the Nation's Capital. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, second session, pursuant to H. Res. 17 ...
Criminal Division of the Department of Justice : hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, March 23, 1995
Crime in the National Capital. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, first [and second] session[s] ... Parr 5
Of the incurable scepticism of the Church of Rome De insanabili romanae Ecclesiae scepticismo
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996: How Well Is It Working - Hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Efficiency, Financial Management and Intergovernmental Relations of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred
Scripture-redemption freed from mens restrictions: being an answer to a book, published by Mr. William Troughton intituled, Scripture-redemption restrain'd and limited: as also, the substance of several conferences and disputes had in England, Wales,
The sentence of the House of Commons, vpon Mr. Henry Darell, for reporting that Master Pym a member of the said House, should take a bribe of thirty pounds: Together, with the said Master Darells acknowledgement of his errour therein
Crisis in Kyrgyzstan : fuel, contracts, and revolution along the Afghan supply chain : hearing before the Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ele
Credit default swaps on government debt : potential implications of the Greek debt crisis : hearing before the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Insurance, and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Represen
Cyber security : recovery and reconstitution of critical networks : hearing before the Federal Financial Management, Government Information, and International Security Subcommittee of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, United St
Current water bills : hearing before the Subcommittee on Water and Power of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, on S. 2891, S. 2779, S. 3387, S. 3404, H.R. 3671, H.R. 4252, J
CRS regulations and small business in the travel industry : hearing before the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform and Oversight of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, June
A panegyrick upon my Lord Chief Justice Jeffryes his picture
A perfect and easie treatise of the vse of the coelestial globe written as well for an introduction of such as bee yet vnskilfull in the studie of astronomie: as the practise of our countriemen, which bee exercised in the art of nauigation. Compiled by
The anatomie of mortalitie deuided into these eight heads: viz. 1 The certaitie of death. 2 The meditation on death. 3 The preparation for death. 4 The right behauiour in death. 5 The comfort at our owne death. 6 The comfort against the death of
The tutor to true English: or, Brief and plain directions, whereby all that can read and write, may attain to orthography, (or the exact writing of English) as readily as if bred scholars. Very much conducing likewise to the due sounding and perfect
Debt and development : how to provide efficient, effective assistance to the world's poorest countries : hearing before the Subcommittee on Domestic and International Monetary Policy, Trade and Technology of the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. Hous
The necessity of faith; or, Nothing more necessarie for a Christian, than a true sauing faith Preached before the Prince His Highnesse at S. Iames, the fiue and twentith [sic] of Ianuary, 1623. By Robert Iohnson, Batchelor of Diuinity, and one of his
A fuller relation of the great victory obtained ... at Alsford, on Friday the 28 of March, 1644 by the Parliaments forces under the command of Sir William Waller, Sir William Balfore, and Maior Generall Browne, against the forces commanded by the Farl
D.C. housing and community development issues : hearing before the Subcommittee on Housing and Community Opportunity of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, July 14, 1995
The famous history of the seven champions of Christendom St. George of England, St. Denis of France, St. James of Spain, St. Anthony of Italy, St. Andrew of Scotland, St. Patrick of Ireland, and St. David of Wales. Shewing their honourable battels by
Creating greater transparency for pensioners : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, Committee on Education and Labor, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, hearing held in Was
Ad augustiss: Majestatem Caroli Secundi Sylvae II. Sylvae
By the King. A commission with instructions, and directions granted by His Maiestie to the master counsaile of the Court of Wards and Liueries for compouding for wards, ideots and lunaticks; and giuen vnder His Highnes great Seale of England, the 23. of
Current trends in foreclosures and what more can be done to prevent them : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, July 28, 2009
Current status of U.S. ground forces / Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session
The life and death of Mr. Badman presented to the world in a familiar dialogue between Mr. Wiseman, and Mr. Attentive. By John Bunyan, the author of the Pilgrims progress
Fasti Gulielmi Tertii, or, An Account of the most memorable actions transacted during His Majesty's life, both before and since his accession to the crown with the days, months, and years wherein the same hapned [sic
Defense Department budget priorities for fiscal year 2002 : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, July 11, 2001
Encyclopedia of Language and Education
A Full an [sic] true acount [sic] of a most barbarous and bloody murther committed by Edward Williams on the body of Mr. Hinton, at the Windsor-Castle in Green-Dragon Court, near Charing-Cross, on Thursday last with the occasion of their quarrel ... and
Cyber security R&amp;D; : hearing before the Subcommittee on Research and Science Education, Committee on Science and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, June 10, 2009
Country reports on human rights practices for 1997 : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, February
The country-mans lamentation for the death of his cow. A country swain of little wit one day, did kill his cow because she went astray: what's that to I or you, she was his own, but now the ass for his cow doth moan: most pineously methink he cries in
Proposals for printing the translation of a Latin manuscript, written by Judge Craig, one of the judges of Scotland, in the reign of King James VI. before his accession to the throne of England. Entituled De hominis: or, A dispute against those who
Manual of corporate management : with forms
The law relating to the sale of goods and commercial agency
Fitchburg, June 14, 1870. : My Dear Sir: In behalf of the surviving members of Company B (Fitchburg Fusiliers), 15th Regiment, Mass. Volunteers, I have the honor to extend a cordial invitation to yourself and lady to be present at their second annual reunion to be held at the Fitchburg Hotel, on Tuesday, 28th inst. ...
The law of torts
A treatise on the law of suits by attachment in the United States
Elements of the law of partnership
The days of yore : a drama in three acts. Performed at the Theatre-Royal, Covent-Garden. By Richard Cumberland, Esq.
The dragon of Wantley : a burlesque opera. As it is now perform'd at the Theatre Royal in Covent-Garden. Set to musick by the late Mr. John-Frederick Lampe.
A treatise on the laws of commerce and manufactures : and the contracts relating thereto : with an appendix of treaties, statutes, and precedents
The dangerous consequences of Parliamentary divisions : Occasion'd by refusal of the place bill, the act of indemnity, &amp;c.;
General assignments for benefit of creditors : a complete digest of decisions, the rules of practice and statutes of the State of New York, with forms
The Liberator. Volume VII. 1837. Edited by William Lloyd Garrison.
The dramatick sessions : or, the stage contest.
Professional SharePoint 2010 Cloud-Based Solutions
Professional Android Programming with Mono for Android and .NET/C#
Addison on torts : a treatise on wrongs and their remedies
A letter to the Country spectator, in reply to the author of his ninth number, published December 4, 1792. By a professor of music.
Order of exercises at the installation of the Rev. Artemas Boies, as pastor of the Pine Street Church and society, Boston, December 10, 1834.
The life of Benjamin F. Wade
Professional Sitecore Development
A new catalogue of vulgar errors : By Stephen Fovargue ...
LTE, LTE-Advanced and WiMAX Towards IMT-Advanced Networks
Troubleshooting Tivoli Using the Latest Features
GPRS in Practice A Companion to the Specifications
Webster on protection : embracing numerous extracts from his speeches
Modernization and Its Political Consequences Weber, Mannheim, and Schumpeter
An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the navigation of the river of Thames, by stopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Essex ; and for ascertaining the coal-measure.
The MacOS X Command Line Unix Under the Hood
